1 Hello, I am selling my 2008 Toyota Yaris with CA clean title (Tags and reg are current) in GREAT and running condition -Blows cold A/c and warm heater -Just changed the Oil & filter
0 Call Now - Experience the comforts of home at Metro 77 & 85 in San Leandro, California. Choose one of our spacious floor plans, which allow for ultimate privacy located in a secure setting with video surveillance. We offer studios, one, two and three bedroom apartment homes, with private balcony/patios. We feature built-in G.E./Hotpoint electric appliances, plenty of natural light, walk-in closets and cable-ready units. We have a convenient laundry room and additional storage is available. Call us today! Metro 77 & 85 are located minutes away from downtown San Leandro. Walk to restaurants, shopping & weekly farmer's market. A lovely, quiet garden setting with private patios overlooking a sparkling swimming pool. Features: High Speed Internet Access, Stainless Steel Appliances, Smoke Free, Large Spacious Units, Heating, Cable Ready, Walk-In Closets, Dishwasher, Crown Molding, Patios/Decks
1 Very good condition Ikea Beddinge sleeper sofa frame, back adjusts to 3 different positions, clean and in good working order, ready for pickup in San Leandro or I can deliver locally (gas $ helps!) ... Thanks!
0 2005 Acura TL - has type S wheels - 99,832 miles - timing belt & water pump already replaced. Has clear coat peeling in some areas.
1 Runs very well no Problems,Well maintenance always serviced on time recently had the transmission replaced. have all records in hand smog passed with flying colors, Top of the line Model Lather
1 Mid Century solid teak dining table, made by Gudme Mobelfabrik, a danish furniture maker. Marching cross legs provide an extremely solid feel. Refinished, stripped, sanded, oiled and waxed. Also comes with glass table top for extra protection.
1 Adorable 3 Bedroom 2 1/2 Bathroom Pittsburg home in court location. Large Master with walk-in closet, double sinks and oversized shower. Low maintenance yard, Washer/Dryer Hook-up in garage, Gas range, Dishwasher and Microwave. (Although in photos.. Refrigerator is not included.) Very desirable location walking distance to several restaurants, parks, Pittsburg marina front and lots of activities including Farmers Market, Seafood Festival, Jazz Festival, Car Shows, Hot August Nights, etc.
1 Picture -  perfect Union City townhome nestled in the Pacific Terrace community. This home flows beautifully with cathedral ceilings, recessed lighting, arched walls, dual paned windows and a built-in laundry. The kitchen has a gorgeous granite slab, stainless appliances and built in compactor. Use of the community pool, clubhouse and playground is included. Walk to Bart, park and shops. COMMUTER'S PARADISE... WALK TO BART Address is 1049 Moonstone 2.5 bathrooms
0 Redline proline micro mini BMX (18" wheel size) complete and ready to ride as pictured with lots of extra tire tubes, and one spare 18x1 tire and extra mini handle bar.  250.00. Sun 18" wheelset with trail tires for micro mini 100.00
0 4" square speaker no grill great sound 14"by 14" by 5"
0 Im selling my Kicker 10 inch sub with a sealed box and a American Pro amplifier.  Nice clean setup. I paid a little over 300 for the setup so Nothing less than 100 bucks. Not splitting up the set.  Great deal and more than a fair price.
0 This glass shelf is 32" x 19 1/2".  It has a groove to display plates, if desired.  It is in excellent condition.  Please let me know if you are interested.
1 Made by Thomas. In good condition. It is missing a small trim piece but works fine, model BD 109. Call or email.
0 Selling my kicker vr subs in factory ported enclosure.  Wired at one ohm. These subs hit hard. Price is FIRM. NOTHING LESS THAN 165. NO TRADES. Also have a 1000 watt rms amp (sonido mask) for 135 bucks extra.
0 2004 Lexus is 300 4 brand new tires Clean title Passed smog 2/11/17 Lexus used car inspection attached
0 Diamondback kids bicycle (girls).  Size: 20 inches.  Color: Black    Used, but the kids have outgrown it. Sturdy steel frame and fork are built to handle the rigors of riding
0 Beautiful 3 bedroom  and 1.5 bathroom (full bathroom downstairs and half in upstairs loft). Spacious living room. Dining room and wet bar. New upgrades throughout. Bonus upstairs loft can be used as an office or extra craft room. Gorgeous sun room with many windows for lot of light and hang outs. 1640 sq ft of living space. Quiet neighborhood and easy access to main transportation. NO SECTION 8. NON SMOKERS. NO PETS. AVAILABLE TO VIEW 05/31.
1 Welcome To The Terraces, El Sobrante's hidden gem! Call Now: The Terraces 6000 Sun Hill Circle Come home after a productive day, only minutes from major freeways yet secluded on a hillside oasis surrounded by trees. Park in your reserved parking space inside our gated community. Glimpse the scenic valley from your personal balcony before entering your spacious two bedroom unit-- your personal sanctuary. Relax in our year round heated hot tub. Our convenient location in El Sobrante is just minutes from fine dining, shopping, schools and recreation. Enjoy a lifestyle that is minutes from Sausalito, Tiburon, San Francisco, and the beautiful wine country of Napa, Sonoma and Mendocino. washer and dryer Dishwasher, garbage disposal, refrigerator and gas stove Radiant Heat Wood Burning Fireplace New flooring
1 This is a SOMA Doublecross with a great touring/hybrid setup.  It has a Ritchey Carbon fork and King headset.  Shimano Ultegra gear set and derailleurs.  The Mavic CXP wheelset is two months old and has fresh continental touring plus tires.  I just road it across Oregon and it performed beautifully.  The pedals are hybrid mountain SPD clip pedals. The bike does not include the Cateye system.
0 Everything is Brand New Home With Nice Yard !! It's simply an excellent deal for what you're getting. This is one of the nicer homes in the area at a price that can't be beat.
1 Cannondale Ironman 800 Tri Bike Specs: This is a well maintained tuned by pro mechanic, light and efficient race bike for Multisport (Duathlon/Triathlon) or Time Trialing. This is a Cannondale CAAD5 frameset, Truvative, Shimano, Ultegra components, Aero Carbon Slice Si fork, Mavic CXP221 wheelsets. The bike has SPD compatible pedals, a specially designed time-trial saddle on a custom forward seat post, dual saddle mounted drink cages and bar-end gear levers for aerodynamics. The frame is 52cm (top tube) which would normally suit anyone from 4'8'" to 5'8". Setup as a time-trial bike, with the adjust ability in the handlebar height, seat height and position, and aerobar length is perfectly fine all the way up to at 5'8".
1 Perfect condition, not a single scratch. The drone seen very little flying time, maybe as little as 5 - 10 times. All related accessories (props, charger, cables, etc) Original carry case
0 Ease and elegance. This clean compact settee combine refined shape with easy-care machine washable slipcover in an off white. Distinctive rolled arms and turned front legs. Legs have a coffee bean finish. Kiln -dried hardwood frame, sinuous wire spring suspension.
1 Brand new photos up! Available now! Year Lease
0 Hi, I'm selling a New! Boston Acoustics A 2310 HTS 5.1 Home Theater Speaker Package with 100-Watt Powered Subwoofer (Gloss Black) Scratch-resistant high-gloss finish with contrasting "leatherette" accents for stunning good looks. Boston's 1-inch Kortec soft dome tweeter deliver smooth, extended high frequency response.
1 *Private bath *Fresh new look * very near to Emeryville Bay Street * West MAcArthur Bart 8 - 10 blocks away
1 This Brother inkjet mfc printer scanner fax machine is in excellent condition and needs to go asap. Bought a new laser printer . Printer is in the box
1 (4) surround speakers. I am a motivated seller and want to sell the entire package. I will give the person who buys the TV and Sony system the following added value items:
1 Subs are in mint condition with new surrounds professionally done.  Dual 2 ohms each. Price is 200 no amp or 350 with 600 real watt amp.  No lowball offers. No trades. Firm price.
1 2011 Dodge Charger V6 3.6L automatic transmission with new 20" rims and tires with only 87000 miles salvage title only the roof dent and 3 windows was the reason made salvage I have pictures to probe everything still like new conditions runs excellent any question feel free to call any time or text to my cell phone
1 2002 GMC Sierra Z71,5.3L, 4X4, New transmission with receipt, 2nd owner, 141K miles excellent interior with new Alpine bluetooth deck, power windows, Fabtech Lift less then three years old, Procomp wheels with 35in Goodyear tires. The truck is in great shape. Known issues:
0 I am selling my 2016 e-Joe Sport Edition. The bike is virtually like new always kept indoors and never washed. It has been charged  and has ridden just to maintain battery. I thought my wife would take it to the store some times instead of driving the V8 SUV. Not
1 I'm selling my MTX 1501d subwoofer amp.  This is a no joke amp that does REAL power. 750 watts rms at 4 ohm and 1500 watts rms at 2 ohms.  Underrated as well.  It's a beast and I'm really not trying to sell it but I don't really have a need for this much power.  No lowball offers wanted or trades.  Only respond if you have cash in hand ready to buy.
0 Great city bike for a female, seat can be adjusted for heights from about 5'3 - 5'7
1 Please include PHONE # in reply! NEW in box; color: Artic white, model#: TAD2014AW - Remote operation
0 I have about 36 of these, firm price unless you buy more than 4
0 2008 Chevy Impala Well maintained , extra clean, all tune ups done, chrome wheels, Smog is done too, valid registeration
1 3 Speed Delivery Bike year 2008 made by Batavus bike is like brand new valued at 1,200.00 black call for all details to much to list. Lights front and rear great front and back racks for carrying grocery items comfortable seat
1 Quiet bottom floor condo in desirable Canyon Meadows neighborhood! Huge master bedroom with large walk-in closet Lots of natural light throughout unit Balcony facing hills w/ outdoor storage closet 1.5 Miles from West Dublin/Pleasanton BART 2 Miles from Workday 2.5 Miles from Pleasanton Park N Ride 3.3 Miles from Clorox 6.2 Miles from Fairgrounds (Google, Facebook, Apple Shuttles) Recently Updated Including: New Kitchen (Stainless Steel Appliances, Shaker Cabinets, Quartz Countertops)
1 Ready to ride. No offers over phone or text. Come see it first. Serious buyers Perfect for the new or experienced rider. I'm 5' 6" and fits perfect. With a longer stem up to someone  5' 8" can ride Fox Talas RLC shocks Tires new plus extra set of street tires
0 I am selling a mint case from Corsair (250D). It was originally purchased to compliment my new PC but I ended up reusing my old one. Comes with all necessary screws to complete the build.
1 HERE IS ONE OF MANY HOUSE SPECIALS -- HERE ARE 2 HIGH BACK CHAIRS -- THESE CHAIRS ARE WELL MADE AND VERY COMFORTABLE -- NOTE -- THERE IS SOME WEAR ON THE CORNERS AS CATS USED THEM FOR THERE SCRATCHING POST -- OTHERWISE IN GOOD CONDITION -- ONLY 49.00 EACH OR BOTH FOR 80.00 -- THESE CAN BE SEEN AT YESTERYEARS MARKETPLACE -- CALL BOB AT
0 This beautiful antique oak parlor table dates back to the late 1800's, and would be  a wonderful addition to any home or office. It has two levels, and could be used as an end table, a lamp table, or for any other purpose you may have in mind.  It is in excellent condition, with that beautiful dark brown antique oak color and patina.   It is sturdy, with all joints being solid and strong.  There are no marks, cracks or damage. •  24 inch X 24 inch square top •  16 inch X 18 inch lower shelf
1 Maple desk, in excellent condition. It is a good size for a smaller room. It was all re-finished and ready to be of service. If you need the matching chair. I am willing to sell that separately.
0 With remote and mic, white, new still in package, model MD827LL/A
0 Vintage rounded, metal headboard and footboard for a queen sized bed.
1 This unit is one of our "Platinum" upgraded apartment homes.  It includes stylish new appliances, flooring and lighting, refinished kitchens and baths, accent walls and your own private balcony. You're going to love it! Welcome to Alderwood Apartments!  We are a newly renovated apartment community located in the heart of San Leandro and is within walking distance of BART, Bayfair Mall, Century Theaters, and many attractive and convenient shops and restaurants. Please call today to schedule your personal tour! 12 months
0 Like new! Excellent Condition! Only worn 2-3 times Absolutely no wear
0 In excellent vintage condition and working order Selling as shown with no weighted base or desk clamp
1 Car was completely disassembled and professionally painted Porsche GT3 green by Phantasy Kolors Roti form wheels Accu air bagged suspension Carbon fiber interior and engine bay dress up kit Status carbon fiber racing seats Weather tech floor mats
0 This iPhone is sealed with its original box meaning it also comes with all original accessories (headphones, charger cable, charger block). It has 128GB of memory and is completely unlocked (GSM & CDMA) straight from Apple and has a clean IMEI and ESN.
1 Location: 1501 Stuart Street Apt. #6, Berkeley, CA 94703 (Southwest Berkeley) Close to Schools, U. C. Campus, Buses, and BART Station. * Electric Stove * Gas Heater * Designated Parking Space * Tenant pays for all utilities except for garbage collection / water * Natural Lighting * One year lease minimum
1 2008 Toyota Prius with very low miles- 44,985. In short, the car is in excellent condition. As for specifics, it has a 4- Cyl, Hybrid, 1.5 Liter engine. Front-Wheel Drive and automatic transmission.
0 Sony RM-Y914 remote control. For KDS-R50XBR1 KDSR50XBR1 Televisions. Very good condition.
1 If you are looking for a router which can perform: 1) Branded 4-in-1 router that can be used for Internet Sharing, Connecting Multiple Computers, Wireless b/g/N (Router, Switch & wireless & firewall capability) 2) Ultra speed Internet browsing supporting latest Wireless N technology 3) Very slick and slim router
0 The sofa is used but in good condition.  It quickly converts into a sleeper by folding out the seat cushions.
0 2004 Kia Rio low miles 46,000 well maintained. This was my grandmas car she bought it new and always had it serviced at the dealer. I have the paperwork. I'm the second owner. The car has always been kept up well. Clean title. Never in an accident. Paint has some fading on the rear bumper. Overall the car is in good condition. Good commuter car.
1 Looking for a lovely couple or someone to fill this 1 bed, 1 bath apartment in Berkeley, CA. Availability is May 15, 2017. This apartment is located right across the street from a cute little neighborhood park and is also near the Alta Bates Summit Hospital. It is also: -- 3 minute walk to the 49 bus stop which goes from Rockridge Bart to Dwight to Ashby (10 min bus ride to Ashby Bart Station).
0 * Fireplaces in Select Units * Large Storage Spaces Available * Onsite Laundry Facility
0 Selling my like new Insignia 7" digital picture frame - used just once or twice for a few minutes. In perfect working conditions and comes with all accessories: remote, charger, memory stick duo adapter. Product Features - 7" widescreen LCD display with 16:9 aspect ratio:Creates an impressive display for viewing your pictures. - 800 x 480 resolution and 500:1 contrast ratio:Provide an accurate display of your photos' details. - Supports JPEG picture format:For convenient viewing. - 1GB internal memory:Lets you save and manage your digital images.
0 IPhone a1662 Disabled.  Being sold for parts. This iPhone is disabled. Every part on the phone is perfect and it has a nice case.
1 Sunny Garden inlaw unit in highly desierable Glenview district of Oakland. walk to public transit, shopping and restaurants.
1 I'm selling my beloved green Peugeot bike as it's too big for me. It comes with original parts and accessories: drink holder, pump, and pedometer (don't work - for decoration except drink holder).
1 ** As long as this Ad is showing the property is Available ** One (1) Bedroom, One (1) Bath Unit. BRIGHT, SUNNY,  studio unit.  Washer and dryer just feet/steps away from this unit.  This is a 7-unit complex located within an upscale residential neighborhood. Great location just off of Shattuck Avenue and only one block from Berkeley Bowl. Convenient to UCB, Ashby BART, downtown Berkeley as well as Whole Foods and Berkeley Bowl markets. The bathroom has a tub/shower. Just minutes walking to UC Berkeley, BART, DOWNTOWN, AMAZING RESTAURANTS. PHOTOS:  Photos are coming. LEASE TERMS:   1 year.  Resident pays PG&E, cable & water.  Owner pays garbage. To Apply Please Bring: Photo ID
1 Lovely upper unit in Victorian tri-plex located in West End of Alameda. This fresh and clean one bedroom, one bath apartment features; new carpeted flooring, ceiling fan, lot of closet space and shared yard. Four burners gas stove, refrigerator and wide windows in the kitchen. On street parking only but ALL utilities are included and coin operated laundry on site. One year lease, tenant splits one time 30% rental fee with owner and NO pets. Available now, give our office a call at
1 MINUTES FROM TAFB NEW HEAT AND A/C! 3 Bedroom, 1 Bathroom, 1000 Square Foot Single Story Home. Fairfield, CA 94533 LARGE RV PARKING AT SIDE OF HOUSE! ALL NEW BATHROOM! Double paned windows and patio doors. Lots of cabinets. New Self Cleaning electric smooth top stove. New Dishwasher. New Disposal. Tile countertops. New sink with nice new faucet. . Large patio door and large garden window brings in lots of light-makes Refrigerator Included. Wood burning Fireplace.
0 HAS ALL THE BEST PARTS AS FAR AS I'M CONCERNED... ALL THE DECALS ARE THERE, SOME REPOPS SOME OG, HAD TO TELL WHAT'S WHAT
0 Used solid wood dining/occasional/accent chair in walnut color with cushion from a pet-free, smoke-free home.  The chair is structurally sound, sturdy. Wood is in excellent condition with a couple of nicks. Cushion is clean and washed, no stains or rips.
1 Rans Screamer Ult ST Yel STD 27 speed drive train with Sram X9 rear detailer and grip shifters
1 Linear recumbent bicycle for sale. This was built in Iowa, and has a welded reinforcement in the rear frame. This is the "folding" model, but's it's more of a "can be compacted for storage or transport" (see the last picture). LWB USS (Long Wheel Base, Under Seat Steering). Aluminum frame.
0 Coming Soon! Check back for Updated Pictures!! Year Lease
0 NOT GETTING SIGNAL CALL THE SATTELITE GUY
0 (8) BRAND NEW IN THE BOX // R-1650 WALL AND CEILING HOME SPEAKERS! Perfect for those who want excellent performance and durability.  Bought this system when I bought my home, but decided to go in another direction.  Never opened the box. Military Professional. No Scam!
0 Testing the waters. Selling my 96 hatchback. Open for trade only if it's for a 03 - 04 Yamaha R6
0 title status: clean title status: clean
0 -have had no bankruptcy in 3 years -no foreclosure/shortsale in the last 3 years
1 IKEA desk for sale ,  both colors , good condition assembled or disassembled, based on your transportation situation.
0 Product Description:
1 I purchased this Serge Mouille (reproduction) floor lamp new a week ago, but it doesn't work with my living room space.
0 2002 Ford F150,four-wheel-drive ,super crew ,high end snug top ,Triton V8 5.4,  New transmission new tires new Pitman arm new idol alarm new alignment and new shocks 210,000 miles interiors good great truck runs and drives perfect .  A lot of truck for the money . at 4400.00
1 Black iPhone 6 looks brand new with screen cover and case with a kickstand. Verizon phone
0 We are moving and now selling our reception desk. It's 8 feet wide.
0 Matching side table and mirror for sale Table 26 inches wide 26 inches tall
1 Welcome home to this charming and sweet two bedroom one bath bungalow in the Upper Dimond District. This beautifully maintained home boasts of original hardwood floors splashed with espresso, upgraded bathroom and kitchen that overlooks a lush backyard garden, and a spacious living/dining area.
1 A pair of stunning vintage side tables with bases formed out of natural old growth grape vines and heavy circular glass table tops. Each measures 24" in diameter x 20.25" tall. Cash only.
0 Slate Black Hardwood 60-inch Corner TV Console - Pewter knobs - Beveled, tempered glass - Adjustable shelves behind each door
1 House information 1) Beautiful SFH with 4 bedrooms and 2.5 baths in 2 stories near Fairmont Ln in Tracy 2) 1868 SQFT of living space and low maintenance backyard, Possible RV access. 3-car garage. 3) Central heat & AC with fireplace in living area 4) Very safe & nice neighborhood & close to shopping center. Easy access to highway
1 Selling my 2015 Honda Accord LX , the car is in perfect condition drives super smooth and only 32k miles on it. Just put brand new tires on .
1 Best looking Escalade! Limited edition: larger engine, chrome grill, pearl white paint and 20in Cadillac rims. Will tow anything! Very reliable. Tires just year old. More pictures to come.
0 Beautiful renovated Downtown Apartment.
0 This dresser is strong and sturdy and in good condition. It features dovetail construction on the drawers.
1 Tour and Lease and Receive
0 Patio coffee table bought from consignment store.  Good sturdy table but definitely could use a paint job.  Don't want to part with but currently too much furniture for our space.
0 Selling our theater seats which are barely used because we selected another color scheme for the room.
1 I love this tv, but unfortunately I don't need a tv any more just a monitor so I'm selling this baby. The tv has great color. easy to use controls, easily accessible ports, and best thing of all is super light! Also it has a 60 Hz refresh rate so you can play games at 60fps.
0 This well appointed townhouse includes 2 bedrooms and 2 bath with a high lofted ceiling and open design. This rarely available unit has no upstairs or downstairs neighbor living units. 2 car direct access garage provides convenience and ease for your day to day living. The main level has an open flow design from the den to the dining room to the family room. The main level also houses one bedroom and one bath. With ultimate privacy, the second level has only the master bedroom, bathroom and laundry facility.
0 2540 Regent St. is a small building with 9 units. It is located just off of Telegraph Ave. between Parker St. and Dwight Way.  Nearby are lots of restaurants and shops.  Walking distance to U C Berkeley and Telegraph Ave. AC Transit Lines.  Parking is available in a garage under the building.  Coin laundry is on site. Gated Entry.
1 I am in Fremont CA. Seeking to sell two white IPhone 5C both Clean serial numbers and no issues, ended service with T-Mobile. Sim usable and interchangeable.
1 This Samsung Galaxy S3 is an Unlocked GSM Cellphone, so will work it work with carriers which provide GSM Sim Card. Will work Overseas as well. Phone Condition is prinstine as it has been in an Otterbox Defender case since the day I bought it from AT&T store. The otterbox case condition is not too good due to phone usage over a period of time. Also, Comes with Brand New never used Headphone and Phone wall charger. Thanks for looking
0 Shame to let it go, great downhill bike. Sadly I got into a motorcycle accident last summer and can't mtb anymore. FSA chain guide and headset Raceface handlebars and stem evolve
0 serviced by certified apple techincan All macbooks will look and function like new Mid 2012 MacBook Pro13 inch 500gb hard drive (brand new) Microsoft office 2016
0 New in box Clarity--76593 P300 Amplified Corded Photo Phone. This is fantastic for seniors. This phone has Clarity Power technology. Features a 75dB amplified ringer so you can hear when someone is calling you, even if you're in the other room. 18dB of amplification for a loud and clear sound. This phone also has 9 programmable photo memory buttons, so you don't even have to dial your frequently-called numbers. This makes calling fast and simple. The large buttons are easily visible and convenient to use. Phone is also hearing aid compatible, ideal for those with mild to moderate hearing loss. Adjustable incoming volume control - Allows you to set the receiver volume to your ideal level.
1 Come see the latest in Smart HD Optics. The ATN Binox-HD binoculars are packed with so many features you will never want to use standard binoculars again. 24/7 use, Wi-Fi, E-zoom, record video, compass. Binox-HD binoculars are the worlds most advanced digital binoculars. Powered by a 1 GHz internal computer they carry a suite of sensors to enable the Senses as never before. Binox-HD - the binoculars for the 21st century. Specs: - Binoculars that record video and capture pictures - Smooth zoom from 4X-16X - Image stabilization for steady video - Features GPS geotagging
0 Nicely equipped car with 84K miles. It drives and handles like new. Clean title and smog check is done. This car is economical yet packs a punch and its hugs the highway. Overall it is a practical yet fun car to own. It's being offered by dealer in Hayward. This car is perfect for your daily commute or for the first time driver.
1 59cm Sole Fixed gear bike "The Whaler" with flip flop hub (ride freewheel or fixie). It has been kept indoors and out of the weather. It is fun to ride and is in great shape.
0 call or text 39164 paseo padre parkway in Fremont
1 Rare and classic 62cm Steel Frame Colnago!! It's made and designed for the tall/ large man. Campanella components. Saddle is on my Cannondale. It was turned up about 25 miles of riding ago.
1 EVERYTHING IN BRAND NEWCome see this brand new place!»»»6433 Telegraph Avenue Must go!Hurry and get your application via email.
0 Cell phone chargers, both Travel and Car, all are new, never used. Serious offers only and please no offers for trades, thanks.
0 We have about 7 stackable chairs made by Kucsh + Co & were made in Germany. They have wood backing, purple leather seating, and chrome legging.
1 Essex Property Trust EMME Apartment Homes 6350 Christie Ave, Emeryville, CA 94608 We will have a 1 bedroom 1 bath 643 sq ft apartment #130 available on June 10th! Your beautiful new kitchen will have Cesar stone countertops, dark cherry wood on the cabinets and stainless steel appliances! All of emme apartments come with a full size front load washer & dryer! Emme offers amenities such as our 24 hour gym, courtyard, clubhouse and our beautiful roof top deck, a must see with a great view of San Francisco! Living at emme makes life a bit easier with having everything you need right around the corner, from grocery stores to retail! Not to mention, transportation! Emeryville provides us a free shuttle that picks you up right in front of the community and takes you straight to bart! Schedule your appointment today!! Stop by our 2 bedroom home OPEN HOUSE this Saturday, May 20th from 10:00 AM - 12:00 PM!
1 Cinnamon Apartments 23924 2nd Street,, Hayward, CA, 94541 Call Now - Need more information? Copy this link: http://trion.aptfeatures.com/vdh016
1 65" SUHD 4K KS9800 Series Curved Smart TV - 2016 Model - Top of the line- The TV with the Most Superior Level of Color, Contrast, and Brightness. Smart TV with Apps, Full Web Browser and  Super Motion Rate 240. Pick up from Fremont Ca 94536
1 Mileage: 35,285 only Trans: Automatic Tile: Salvage, Small accedint in the rear
1 These are a set of 6 Pottery Barn dining chairs. The chairs are a espresso color. They are in real great shape, no rips on the cushions.  There are some signs of wear on the backs of the chairs.  The chairs will be sold as a set.
1 2010 Ford F150 Crewcab 4x4 automatic.
0 Solid oak bookshelf Measures  28.5" w x 13.5" d x 48" h.  Good used condition! Shelves are adjustable to your liking.
1 We have a  BRAND NEW 5 bedroom apartment coming available this summer! This apartment is perfect for large groups of 10 - 15+! This apartment building provides you with an excellent location! It is only two blocks from the UC Berkeley campus and just a few blocks from the Downtown Berkeley BART station and Telegraph Avenue! This unit provides a brand new modern kitchen, abundant natural lighting for comfortable living, and is well-maintained and organized with a modern and relaxing appeal. This unit is unfurnished. The lease for this property will begin in mid-August of 2017 and continue until May 31, 2018. The lease is renewable each year. Amenities & Features include: -Cable/DSL Ready -2 blocks to campus
1 Very comfy saddle and sturdy frame, perfect for rides along the bay and in the neighbourhood.
0 Stored inside many years, clean as new and totally original including the original tires  Pete Petersen's original city bike  design. It looks new with a patina from 1991  It is the medium size 16" frame . Bridgestone City Bike Posted here for the widest exposure but the bike is in Folsom and well worth the trip.  Cash only in Folsom,
0 This is an amazingly light bike. UNITED STATES POST OFFICE team sponsored,(Volkswagon/Shimano) OCLV carbon 120 ///  This is not a replaca..Its an authentic team bike.. In good shape.. 56-58 CM  Im 5-11 ft. its perfect Im told the bottom braket bearings are a big upgrade or better then stock White base w/ red and blue lettering Volkswagon also sponsored on lower frame near chain. Judging by the photos its the team that lance armstrong bike that they used in tour de france 2006 I think. Rims are also noted as select.
1 Year Lease Cats Allowed (Extra deposit may be required), No Dogs
1 FOX RL 29 90mm travel 0 hours just serviced by fox stock wheel set oversized axle stout front hub..they roll true and smooth avid elixr CR brakes..new pads..rotors are clean and straight NEW fasttrack 29-2.0 tires NEW specialized brand seat post
1 Ballena Village Apartment Homes in Alameda offers a tranquil retreat while still putting you just minutes from BART and the ferry, making your commute into the city a simple one! This luxury two-bedroom, one-bathroom apartment also means access to great community amenities. Your dog will love accompanying you on your morning or evening walks on our walking trails! You're sure to enjoy the views as this apartment development includes lagoons, lovely waterfalls, and artistic fountains! You'll also enjoy your kitchen that boasts European decor, a dishwasher, and a refrigerator. So if you want to live in a special apartment that comes with countless amenities, make an appointment to view your next apartment today!
1 Spacious 3 Bed room, 2.5 Bath home available for Rent at Potrero Drive, Newark, CA 94560 •	3 bed room , 2.5 bath with large living room and family room (1760 Sq. ft) •	Granite counter tops in kitchen •	Pergo flooring in Living room and family room •	Recessed lights in living room and family room •	Walk in closet in master bed room
0 Excellent Condition, Like New!
0 new (less  than 5 miles) fully assembled "liberty Trike" in red cant use due to disability  and my balance problems. see  spec and faq on website below(where i purchased it) folds for transport
1 This is a large open space with skylights and outside deck. It has been used as an artist studio. It also would make wonderful offices. Two of rooms have been used as bedrooms. There is a kitchen and one bathroom. The space is on the second floor and backs up to the Lucky Shopping Center parking lot. Close to BART and a block from City Hall. Please call Howard at
0 Up for sale is a 2013 c250 with only  45k. Interior is loaded with technology and in new condition, the paint is immaculate on the exterior. The tires are new. Additional options include: Navigation Attention Assist (warns you if your drowsy) Automatic Windsheild Wipers Bluetooth Audio Connectivity (for audio) Bluetooth Phone Connectivity (for phone calls) USB Connectivity
0 We need to sell off some of our office furniture as we need to make some extra room. This is a very new piece fully assembled. We bought it from Coscto Furniture, 3 months back. Here's the link to the actual furniture. https://www.costco.com/Logan-U-shape-Workstation-with-Adjustable-Bridge.product.100245742.html
1 RARE DAVINCI PURSUIT BIKE. ALL CAMPY PARTS. ORIGINAL PAINT HAS SOME CHIPS AND I WAS GOING TO RE-PAINT BUT NEVER DID IT. 55-56CM. CALL WITH QUESTIONS
1 - all important maintenance is performed - interior and exterior good shape
1 Selling an excellent condition Polk Audio 5.1 home theater system in Cherry wood finish.  Not a scratch on the speakers, it still looks brand new and comes with all original boxes.  This is not your typical home theater in a box (HTIB) but a real 5.1 surround sound system.  Sound is amazing for an entry level home theater system and will blow away any home theater in a box setups. -2x Polk Audio Monitor 60 Floorstanding Front Speakers -2x Polk Audio Monitor 30 Bookshelf Surround Speakers -1x Polk Audio CS2 Center Channel -Onkyo TX-SR503 5.1 Channel AV Receiver
1 Available Now! Year Lease
1 2014 Hampton Bay Pembrey Patio Chairs  Rocker          150 ea. or 2 for 250 Chile Pepper Cushions
1 Regency Square Apartments is located at 4917 Central Avenue, Fremont, CA 94536.  Office hours are Monday-Saturday from 8:30-5:00.  At Regency Square Apartments, you'll enjoy living in a smoke-free community with your own washer and dryer, large extra storage on balcony and nice open floor plan.  Best of all, Regency Square Apartments will pay your water and garbage bill.
0 AT&T phone unlocked. Iphone 4 in very good condition. White , 8GB.
0 Excellent condition RCA 42"HD plasma TV for your repairs or parts out, good screen and no cracked,  can't power on,  and this model made by Samsung, give me your offers!  You can sell parts on eBay or fix it, again panel not cracked
1 Please email, call, text at
0 On sale is my 1 year old iphone 6s plus , unlocked can be used on any network, great pics,16gb memory,upgraded to latest OS,big screen
1 RARE 1989 ROSSIN ROAD BIKE. BUILT IN 1989 AND STORED FOR 27 YEARS! NEVER BEEN ON THE STREET! ALL CAMPY RECORD PARTS. TRULY A COLLECTOR/MUSEUM PIECE. 58-60CM. CALL WITH QUESTIONS. 2000.00 OBO.
0 Slide out tray for media storage Condition: Structurally sound Good condition
1 Selling my GMC Serria 4.8 Extended Cab 4 door Runs and drives great not one mechanical issue clean inside and out 185000 miles registered till aug 2017 new battery and plugs wires kept all  original stock radio system no modifications don't to it
0 Protocol Ultra-Quad  Copter for outdoor flights. Unparalleled precision: Flys up/down forward /backwards right/left side to side perform combination maneuvers banked turns and 360 flips motion sensitive electronic auto stabilize Copter for solid control.2.4 Gig transmitter clear wide area reception LCD screen and audio tones makes flight adjustments a breeze.
1 Mileage: 16,703. Engines 4-Cyl, Hybird, 1.5 Liter, Transmission Automatic, CVT, Drivetrains FWD, Hill Start Assist Control, Stabilty Control, ABS (4-Wheel), Anti Theft, Air Conditionng, Power Windows, Power Door Locks, Cruise Control, power Steering, Tilt & Telescoping, Wheel, AM/FM Stereo, MP3(Single Disc),Bluthooth Wireless, Dual Air Bags, Side Air Bags, F&R Head Curtain Air Bags, Rear Spoiler, Steel Wheels
1 Loctek UF4M focus on efficient and health life way for your home gym.UF4M will gives you a different sense of experience. The UF4M is exactly what you need to achieve your fitness goals or finish your work on time, surfing the web, or keeping up with friends. It's so convenience to read a magazine or play a video game while engage your legs in resistance pedaling. With the laptop, UF4M has significant health benefits over inactive sitting for long time. Also it has eight resistance levels and progress readouts for speed, RPM, time, distance, calories and pulse. Loading Capacity250 lbs / 113 kg. Height Adjustment30" - 38" / 762 - 965.2 mm Convenient laptop, easily transform from exercising and work Transport wheels for room-to-room mobility Resistance Levels & Course Profiles Battery operated progress display (batteries included)
1 Tv is approximately 10 years old.  Just installed new lamp.  There are 2 HDMI inputs.  Works and looks like new.
1 *The posted rent price does not include parking, which is available at this unit for an additional charge. *Photos are a representation of the unit and may not be entirely the same as the actual unit. *Start your Application process Online now at www.bestbayapts.com.
0 Trade my 2007 Chevrolet Colorado its automatic
0 Great bedroom set that is suitable for any young lady. Our daughter has used this for a few years but we must now give it up to another family. We are moving out of state and can not take it with us.
0 Hi, I'm selling a Cherry & Black Triple Wall Mounted Storage Constructed from high quality laminated composite woods
1 A gorgeous, classic Italian road bike by a legendary frame-builder. A skillfully lugged and elegantly pantographed vintage Italian road bike. Paint is light metallic blue with yellow highlights and matching decals. No scratches, no dents. I have received many, many compliments on this beautiful bike. Frame: 54cm (center to center) Seat Tube and Top Tube (approx 21 inches)
1 I also put 7 great movies in the sd card: Prometheus WarCraft Resident Evil The Final Chapter Transformers Age Of Extinction Underworld Blood Wars Android 6.0 Marshmallow 5.7" HD In-Cell Display 13MP autofocus main camera with LED flash 5MP front facing camera with Gesture Shot and Selfie light
0 for sale 00 civic Si call for information. -B20 stock block rebuilt 200 miles on it -GSR head -Type R transmission -Competition clutch -Competition flywheel
1 One of a kind, handmade denim accent chair. Materials: Thonet-type bentwood chair, Love Moschino jeans.
0 I have one of the cleanest 85 el Caminos for sale. This car was built right, everything is high performance and built to last. It has a 406 motor all high performance ,it has a 3800 stall converter,750 double pumper carb
1 Selling this super Wagon to be Mobile and independent with automotive hands controls. Vehicle is smog ready, timing belt was replaced 127k miles, new battery and breaks. Vehicle can be driven with or without the Handicap system at the same time. Vehicle is fully registered.
1 @Nice & quiet neighborhood, away from the city noise, yet @Very central & near everything @. . . Close to buses, grocery, cafe and restaurants @. . . Ideal for downtown Berkeley, UC Berkeley and San Francisco @. . . Only 2 minutes walk to University ave., shops, cafes
1 Everything must go by noon Memorial Day. Near Piedmont Market - Super Easy elevator access from apartment to driveway.
0 Real wood. Purchased at kids & teens world in Danville Ca.
1 Available immediately 1527 Santa Clara St, Vallejo is a wonderful Pride Of Ownership Apt For Rent: This newly renovated downstairs 1BD/1BA Apt is located at the top of the hill in the Historic Vallejo Heights neighborhood. From the quiet apartment you are close to the Farmers Market, Ferry, downtown restaurants, the marina, shopping, and several parks.
1 Meant for making your laptop eye level and allows swivel turning when needed.
0 ~ Please include a PHONE # with replies ~ Pier 1 iron & rattan magazine holder, very sturdy as well as stylish!
0 Great old school Trek bike for sale - the frame might be 50 or 51cm, so probably good for a 5'-5'6" person. I am selling it because the bike is too small for me. I bought it off CL about 6 months ago. Everything works great! No repairs needed.
1 Price firm, no lower offer accepted Gold color iPhone6 with 16GB Factory GSM Unlocked  iPhone 6 for ATT, T-Mobile, Verizon, MetroPCS Very good condition
1 EXPERIENCE THE DIFFERENCE! Relax, enjoy, & live where Customer Service is Priority One. Be part of a Community whose Management values your business, respects your privacy, & takes pride in maintaining your apartment home. You can feel comfortable knowing that you have a community manager living on-site to provide the best possible service and on- site maintenance to provide our best service for your home. Call us today, because we are not just another apartment to move to, but a place you can call home. A commuter's dream, we are within walking distance of BART. Our gated community has many of the amenities you may be looking for such as an on-site laundry facility, barbecue area, off street parking, sparkling pool.
0 Designed and manufactured by Century Furniture, NC, as a reproduction of original English Tudor chairs now in museum.
0 Brand new LeakSmart 3/4 in. Smart Water Valve kit. It comes with: 1. Smart Home HUB (http://www.homedepot.com/p/Wink-Smart-Home-HUB-PWHUB-WH
0 The selling price is negotiable but please, no low-ballers.  Also willing to accept good wine, whiskey, etc.
0 Wardrobe, white, Hasvik white, 78 3/4x26x93 1/8
1 Spacious 1+ bedroom, 1 bath, large kitchenette/living room. Bottom floor unit in a duplex. Freshly remodeled and painted. Accessible via private staircase and entry. Large private deck with amazing canyon views. Shared washer/dryer on same floor as unit.
1 car is in a very good condition no issu at all Passed smog, clean title, clean Carfax
0 Moonra Ebike works great ,just ridden today no issues comes with 2 batteries and two Chargers,  fast little fold up bike . I'm 6,2 and this bike works for multiple heights.
1 Set of three solid wood herringbone pattern Classic Designs by Salem house tables.  All three in excellent condition.  Large coffee table measures 4'10" long by 30 inches wide and it stands 18 inches tall.  Side table measures 2'6" wide by 1'9" deep and stands 21 inches tall. Smaller table measures 20" x 20" and stands 17 1/2 inches tall.  Email if interested, cash only, pick up only, located in Fairfield.
0 Vintage Heywood Wakefield desk  made of solid maple in good condition.  All drawers slide in and out easily, solid construction, would look beautiful in chalk paint.  Desk measures 4 feet long by  30 inches tall and is 20 inches deep. Also comes with mismatched desk chair.  Email if interested, located in Fairfield.
1 Hi, I'm selling my 2014 Toyota Prius. It has only 65k miles. Backup camera, Bluetooth, CD, AUX, Keyless Go, There was no, engine, or transmission damage. Very clean inside, never smoke. Well maintained. Oil change every 5k miles with synthetic Toyota Original Oil. Registered until February 2019. Title on hands. It lost its clean title status due to rear bumper hit. Small scratch on the right side. I'm the second owner and had no any problem with it. The car is great, 50+ MPG. Will run 100k miles more easily. Call me or better text at any time
1 Enjoy simply amazing view from this 3 bedroom / 2.5 bathroom-home located on a quiet cul-de-sac in the Berkeley Hills. Updated kitchen and bathrooms, light filled living room, fireplace, huge wrap around deck and enclosed back yard. Front Patio. Directly above kid friendly La Loma Park and short walk to spectacular Tilden Park. Carport Parking, Washer and Dryer.
1 Updated home in Pleasanton available July 1. This gorgeous detached home has 3 bedrooms and 2 baths, 1478 square feet; featuring bamboo and wood floors, granite countertops, fireplace. Backyard has dwarf citrus trees - lemon, lime, and orange; apple tree; rose garden; and a brick patio to enjoy it from. Minutes away from Mohr Elementary School, Harvest Park Middle School, Amador Valley High School. One year minimum lease agreement, with one month's security deposit. Pets negotiable (additional deposit required). •	Dishwasher •	Microwave •	Window shades •	Washer and Dryer in garage •	Central heat and air conditioning
0 Nice 2/2 downstairs unit ready for move in February 5th. Lease take over at renaissance park Apts east davis.
1 Brand New Sofa Bed plus Love Seat.  Dimensions are Sofa Bed: Width = 81"; Depth = 36"; Height=39".
0 Selling my 2015 Honda Accord LX , the car is in perfect condition drives super smooth and only 32k miles on it. also just put on brand New tires.
0 Cinnamon Apartments 23924 2nd Street,, Hayward, CA, 94541 Interested In This Unit? Use this link for more details: http://trion.aptfeatures.com/9v8g01 Call Now: Experience the comforts of home at The Cinnamon Apartments This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath Downtown Hayward offers the best in California living and we have the best apartments in the area! Our one and two-bedroom units provide residents with access to different floor plans, balconies that provide an excellent view of the Bay Area, and space that makes it easy to feel cozy and comfortable at the end of a busy day. With modern updates and touches to enhance each unit, residents can look forward to comfortable, private surroundings that offer the best in security and video surveillance. - Galley kitchens - Countertop and storage space in kitchens - Microwave
0 Hi, I'm selling a Sony Hear in Wireless Headphone, Blue. Go wire free with Bluetooth and NFC, High-Resolution Audio support for uncompromising sound via wired listening
1 Moving. Selling my Linksys gigabit wireless router. Still works perfectly! Can be used in home or business.
0 Top your Cabria Buffet to create versatile, open and closed storage, serving and display. Eco-friendly mango wood with rustic character.
0 GT Saddleback Mountain bike in good working condition. Great ride, very comfortable, solid. 22" frame - Im 6'1'' and it fits me well.
0 Great bike for riders looking for a more comfortable ride, Felt's Z series is made for endurance or longer distance riding and is a very comfortable bike to ride.
1 ---- Call us today or send us a message for quick response 5100 Chiles Rd, STE 213 Transmission: Automatic Engine: 147-hp, 2.4-liter I-4 (gas hybrid) ----> 33 MPG combined <---- Exterior Color: Desert Sand Mica Interior Color: Ash Seats: 5 1. Upgrade Package with TOUCH SCREEN NAVIGATION 2. LEATHER Seats w/ Heaters
0 Clean Title Great shape 4 Door Automatic
1 Your FIRST MONTH is FREE - And- we'll even waive your application fees! Hurry, this is a limited time offer. Ask the leasing manager for more details. The Arbors Walnut Creek, CA 94596
0 or email me at: rocksmith281@gmail for further information. I ONLY DO IN PERSON TRANSACTIONS, NO TRADES, CASH ONLY. This stylish textured leather belt holster is big enough to accommodate the iPhone, Samsung, HTC, and many more. Features a felt lined interior for maximum protection, a solid metal clip and magnetic latch. Specifications
1 Selling a 2005 Nissan 350Z with 135k miles. The car is in very good shape, its  a clean title car, NO accidents, only 3 previous owners. The car runs smooth. The interior and exterior are extra clean. The car is offered by a dealer which means the smog check is done and all DMV paperwork is prepared by us. You just enjoy your new car.
0 - Selling 2 x Gently Used DJI Mavic Pro Batteries.
1 2016 GIANT escape frame, in perfect condition with original paperwork. 750W brushless motor (so it has plenty of power to get a full size person up the hills with minimal efforts.) 54v battery - NiMH, the big capacity kind - can be locked (key provided) and detached from bike - Charger provided, battery in excellent condition (Energy log avaialble display amount of energy used between charges.) Handlebar trigger for smooth power adjustment and fine speed control LCD display with Cycle analyst v3 kit with lcd display Display will also show battery status, speed, odometer, as well as engine temperature and a bunch of other things.
0 corner back Apt. private "backyard" space owner pays water and garbage 1 parking space with unit
0 Chevy trailblazer ss in good condition fully loaded heated leather seats and moonroof.  All wheel drive with only 70k miles big cam borla exhaust and headers.  Blazer still needs to be tuned.  Testing the waters, will be asking more if I have it tuned.   Clean title and currently r registered.  May accept partial trade no bikes.  Message me if interested
1 Green Leaf Townhomes--Located in the heart of the Bay area, you'll enjoy a convenient lifestyle in a newly renovated, two bedroom, two bathroom town house style home. Beautifully updated with new cabinetry, natural stone counter tops, and warm, wood inspired flooring throughout. Stainless steel appliances include; stove, refrigerator, dishwasher and microwave. All homes are equipped with a stackable washer & dryer! The community features a designated BBQ area, Soccer field, Basketball court and play structure. Enjoy an evening of entertainment in downtown Hayward with local restaurants and bars, movie theater and night clubs. The farmers market is a great start to any Saturday morning! • A completely renovated kitchen and interior • New stainless steel appliances • Natural stone counter tops • Modern white cabinets
0 For use with Models:  15, 66, 28, 27, 15-91, 201 Used, vintage items showing normal wear & tear from age & use. See photos for condition of finish. There may be some tarnish, discoloration, rust, pits, scratches, dents or flaking plating/paint. Cast-iron Machine Lift. 4-Screw, offest rib "V" mount.  Includes mounting screws & limit chain.
1 ############################################################################################################# # ANY INQUIRIES WITH LOWER OFFER WILL BE IGNORED. # ANY EMAIL ASKING IF THE ITEM IS AVAILABLE WILL BE CONSIDERED PHISHING AND WILL BE IGNORED. #############################################################################################################
1 This is a  amazing car, lots of legroom, good mileage, good tires and brakes, moonroof power steering power door locks power windows,  moonroof,  car is loaded, leather interior,  Wood trim, Smog, clean title in hand.
0 I am selling my T Mobile Samsung Galaxy S2 which is NOT working. Call
0 Brand new never use, i got it has a gift but i am using sonos system.
0 Hi I'm selling my 2007 Lexus is250 I hardly drive it anymore so I don't need it. Registration is current and smog just passed. The car does have a scratch on passenger side. Other then that it's a really clean car.
1 Take a look at this beautiful home featuring 3 bedrooms, 1 bathroom, and approximately 1,201 square feet. Enjoy the freedom of a virtually maintenance free lifestyle while residing in a great community. This home is professionally managed and maintained by Tricon American Homes. You deserve single family rental living at its best! One-year lease minimum Utilities: Resident pays for all utilities including trash, sewer, and water Animals approved with pet fee and monthly animal rent Breed Restrictions: Pit Bulls, American Staffordshire Terriers, Rottweilers, Doberman Pinchers, Wolf-Hybrids and Perro de Presa Canarios or any dog that has the above breeds in their lineage are not allowed at any home managed by Tricon American Homes. Applicable only where state law allows. Maximum three animals allowed Equal Housing Opportunity
1 2003 Chevy express cargo van. Runs great, has a V8 engine & Automatic transmission.
1 Brand new in unopened shrink wrap. Realized I bought the wrong case.
1 Brown corduroy couch - This is a great couch for a college student's apartment! This is currently in our storage locker in Livermore.
1 IF THE POSTING IS STILL UP, THE PHONE IS STILL AVAILABLE Here I have an Apple iPhone 7, with 128gb of memory! The phone is factory unlocked and will work for any carrier (AT&T, ATT, T-Mobile TMobile T Mobile, Metro PCS, Straight Talk, Cricket, H20 Wireless, etc) and any carrier outside the country The phone works perfect and is in great condition. It is in Jet Black color
1 This is GSM unlucked phone in very good condition Comes with charger
1 Bar Stools, Modern Style Chairs, Seating. Plastic with metal frame, Great For Restuarnt, Businees, Home, Art Gallery, Functions. CAN DELIVER for a fee or pick up in Berkeley.
1 Large 3 bedrooms house with yard is available June 12. Hardwood floors, storage space in unit, big kitchen and bath room. close to the  Ashby BART station and many cafes.
1 Sony Bravia 42" LED TV. In perfect condition! Just downsizing and need to sell. I even kept the box for safe & easy transport.
1 Ive had this trike 6 years. And ive upgraded parts here and there over that term of time. The sound system also. It has a 1000 watt class A/B JVC amp. Along with two 6x9s Kicker Cs and a component setup of 6" 3/4 with a half inch dome tweeter on the side by kicker cs. And up front on the handle bars console I have two 1" Alpine tweeters facing the bike rider with a three combo of socket charger volt meter for the battery status of where is at in power and last but not least it have a dual usb charging socket also. And on the other side facing the streets while Is on the road. It have two 5" 1/4 kicker cs speakers and two Pioneer bullet tweeters and it has a 20 watt work cree light. Pretty light for the night. All of these things are powered up in individual switches so it can be turned on or off at anytime with out cutting off the music or the chargers. Hit me Up for serious inquires 1,800 O.B.O
0 2012 GT GTR Series 1 road bike.  In excellent condition, ridden less than 1,000 miles.  I bought this bike brand new, rode for about a year and no longer ride. - 6061 Aluminum frame, with carbon forks
1 Made in America.  Brand speaks of quality.  The color is called Fairfax (421): Rich, warm mid-tone brown lacquer-based stain.
1 Garden Village Apartments offers 1, 2 and 3 bedroom layouts with a range of amenities. Enjoy all-electric kitchens with a walk-in pantry (in select units), dishwashers, and private patios or balconies. We offer the use of tennis, volleyball and basketball courts, a swimming pool, and a playground for children. We also take care of your heat, water and garbage bills! Explore everything Fremont has to offer including entertainment, shopping, parks, and various dining options.
1 Unwind in Your New Home Call Now: 114 Sharene Lane, Walnut creek, CA, 94596 http://rent.braddockandloganhomes.com/i0k029 This is a 2 Bedroom, 1 Bath, approximately 950 Sq. Ft. Why look any more we have the Perfect home for you!!!Hurry they are going fast!! You will restore your energy so you can be doing the activities you enjoy. Make The Pines your next apartment home! Pets are also welcome! - Private Patio - Dishwasher - Cable Ready - Range (Electric/ Gas) - Air Conditioner (Window) - Heat (gas) - Microwave - Large Closets
1 2006 convertible, very low miles,preferred equipment group,head up display, heated seats, power convertible top, chrome aluminum wheels Borla  S-type exhaust, Lloyd mats, upgraded Bilstein shocks, new Michelin Super Sports with less then 3k miles . Also all service records, new Delco battery, car has been in my family since new, this car is in excellent condition, always garaged, and very clean, leather seats are in excellent condition with no wear marks. if this type of condition for your car is not important then this is not the Corvette for you, lastly no free rides,only reasonable offers will be considered. Thanks
0 Reduced!  Large brass pinwheel signed (Curtis) 'Jere'.  From 1970s or 1990s.  Approx 45" diameter. Very sturdy.  4 hooks where you can attach it to the wall.  Great eye catching, whimsical wall sculpture!
0 Panasonic Viera TC-P55VT60 55" 3D 600 Hz Smart Plasma HDTV, mint condition, original owner, non-smoking home.  ISF calibrated (calibration results provided).  This Panasonic Plasma TV includes 3D glasses.  Includes stand.  This, the VT60 series, is the last and best series of plasma TV sets made by Panasonic. This is a great 1080P set.  I'm updating to 4K so am selling this unit, which is in mint condition.  This has an extremely fast 600 Hz display that is great for gaming and sports, plus it has very low black levels (.007 fL), plus accurate grayscale and colors. My Home Screen Swipe & Share 2.0 Voice Interaction
0 I have for sale a pair of Vintage INFINITY SM 82 large bookshelf speakers. If you're looking for a high quality set of speakers that go loud and sound awesome doing it, look good and can fit where you want them to go, and also won't cost you hundreds of dollars, then you really ought to come and check these Infinities out. I just had the foam replaced on the surrounds and added some polyfill to the enclosures for sound dampening.  These speakers sound better than they did when they were new.  I'm not kidding.  The polyfill did some amazing things to the low end.
1 We have about 80 Knoll Task Chairs in our warehouse straight from an office liquidation. We also have a few more that can be used for parts or just without arms.
0 Chair size - 30 3/8"
1 V-moda crossfade LP2 headphones in excellent condition. Perfect for producing, dj gigs and all music listening needs. Very flexible and lightweight with a very comfy fit. Comes with microphone chord, case and adapter. Case had some scratches on it, but still works great. I lost the other metal shield for the headphones so the right side is matte black while the left is metal. This doesn't affect sound quality.
0 Two Oak Side Table  (oval) with drawer (matching pair) Very nice condition, structurally sound. Dimensions: 24" high, oval top 23" x 27"
1 I make custom furniture for people. This is one that was never picked up. It was made as a tv console table. All dark stained old oak. Very solid and sturdy. its about 2' deep and about 4' wide. Email and i can get correct measurements.
1 Brand new iPhone 6 unlocked. Can use with any phone carrier. Plastic screen wrap still on it from the Apple Store in Berkeley.
0 Heritage Park Livermore for Seniors in Livermore, California 94551 for independent seniors aged 55 or better, offers pet friendly apartment homes in Northern California. Our homes feature fully equipped kitchens, private living areas, separate dining rooms and generous closet space. Our community offers a heated pool and spa, picnic area, on site recycling and beautiful grounds. We also have a clubhouse with billiards, free coffee, and organized activities. We are conveniently located near I 580, the Wheels bus system, the Senior Center and many local parks. Guarantors welcome! 2 bedroom with 699 square feet. #807 -Clubhouse -Billiards Room -Balcony / Patio
1 700c / 32h / Laced 3x Details from Velocity:
0 I have a Brand New AT&T Samsung Galaxy S8 edge Silver 64 GB phone for sale. I  got the phone through my work, never has been activated or used. Everything is brand new in box. Price is firm.
0 Very good condition . Front disc brake. Very good tires Needs new batteries.
1 Very clean car for sale by owner. Lunar Blue with Almond interior, Premium Pkg (Navigation, Rear View Camera, Heated Seats, Harmon Kardon Premium Sound etc.), with 53K miles, available June 2 ( I am leaving the area after that). Well kept, with all records from MB of Pleasanton, good tires, selling at Blue Book value. Under Warranty till Aug 2017, but never needed it. Bought as certified pre-owned and I have been the only driver since.
0 Here I have a Apple iPhone 6S 64gb for AT&T. It's fully functional and in great condition! Text me at
1 Very good condition light blonde wood mid century modern dining table with a unique pair of  curved 5-pole legs, also comes with 2 leaf extensions which are made intentionally lighter in color.  Stylish, sturdy and quite heavy, this is a strong very well made table that will  last for years to come. Ready for pickup in San Leandro or I can deliver locally (gas $ helps!)  Thanks!
0 Wow! Here is a cool Art Deco pair (2) modernistic display urns or pillars from former Art Deco Show in San Francisco.  They are approx 30" tall.  These wonderful display urns are empty inside and they have lids.  They are made out of some kind of wood with a painted finish.  The colors are gold and black.  If you are a "deco" lover, you will love these.
1 Patio Set. Beautiful round tempered glass table with 2 well-appointed chairs. Brown rustic color. Metal, Tempered Glass.
1 I am selling my Honda Accord 2009 in very good condition very few miles, car fax available, all electric, very nice original wheels, Trade for Tacoma puede llamar para preguntas millas originales (209)----250---71----59
0 2013 Honda Civic LX Automatic transmission .4 cylinder  1.8LTR REAR View back up camera
0 I'm selling a Fender Champion 30 solid state practice amp.
0 Amp works perfectly.  No other offers wanted. 120 CASH with no plugs or 150 cash with plugs.  Amp requires the plugs to work.  AGAIN NO OTHER OFFERS WANTED.  Amazing sound quality from this 4 channel amp.
0 Fully assembled Sunny SF-B1001 indoor spin bike in excellent condition for sale! Only ridden a handful of times. Steel frame, 30-lb flywheel, 85-lb weight. Maximum weight limit is 220 lbs. Fully adjustable seat, with lowest seat setting at 29" from seat to pedal and highest seat setting at 40" seat to pedal. Caged foot pedals. MUST PICKUP.
0 This was my aunt's, as far as I can tell it went straight into the shed after it left the shop 30 years ago. Everything on it is stock, and in great condition for being from the 1980's. Great for a collector, priced to ride around town. Shimano brakes, levers, derailers, frame made in Japan. Steel, obvs.
1 Brand new, still sealed in the box.   Virgin Mobile PCD Venture 3G smartphone.   You can use it as a basic smartphone or just use it as a flip phone.  This runs on the 3G speed. - 2.8" Touchscreen and QWERTY keyboard
1 NOS never taken out of the box, New new new Media shelf
1 Selling a treasured wooden cabinet desk that we no longer need. It's a light wood with a couple flight imperfections in one area (photo below). There's a pullout section for a keyboard and two magnetic white boards on the inside of each door. It's about 4ft wide and 7.5ft high. We can send you a more accurate measurement if needed. Please feel free to text me if you're interested and want to come by to check it out.
1 Stop Looking Start Living Call Now: 1701 Marshall Rd, Vacaville, CA, 95687 Use this link for more information: http://live.fpimgt.com/85z1w6 Baths:  2 Hidden Creek in Vacaville provides you with a truly exceptional lifestyle. Beyond the gated entryway, you will find the tranquil atmosphere of our community. Nestled amidst our serene pond and alluring trees, this prestigious community offers 1 and 2 bedroom apartment homes with exceptional amenities for you to enjoy. Hidden Creek is just minutes away from freeway, shopping, excellent dining and Travis Air Force Base. - Window Coverings - Wood Burning Fireplace - Wheelchair Access - High Ceilings - Granite counter tops - Walk in Closets - Carpeting - Washer/Dryer - Dishwasher
0 Two nice stainless architect lamps in great condition 4ft tall extends another 2 ft neck
0 Great for small spaces and apartments. Screw loose on one or two chairs..just needs to be tighten. Easy fix.
0 Solid wood. Brand new. Never used.
0 6 shelf sets 8 feet tall (roughly 28" wide  x 12" deep.  Fits two of my storage totes side by side.)  These have been great for keeping things accessible.  I used them as 3 aisles of 2, Library of Congress style.
0 19 inch chrome Audi rims Automatic but is triptonic New catback exhaust K&n cold air intake New intercooler
1 I am selling my Like New Apple iPhone 5S Space Gray 16GB TMobile Phone. Clean IMEI and Clean iCloud, No issues. No Scratches and No Cracks. Send Me Phone Number if Interested.
0 Hi - I'm selling my gorgeous Lee sofa and loveseat.  Lee is a top-quality manufacturer and makes sofas for companies such as Crate and Barrel.
0 In good condition, front and back breaks, training wheels, tires in great shape
1 Pottery barn teen store it bed queen size.  Does not include mattress.  Tons of storage.  White and very heavy taken apart and ready for a new home.
0 I am selling my wardrobe 70"x24"x17"
1 There is also a night table that matches the armoire. The night table has a hidden pull out jewelry drawer that is felt-lined and designed to be hidden, great for valuables (see pics).
1 Our Jr. 1 Bedroom features a renovated kitchen with quartz countertops, plank floors and stainless steel appliance!   Availability is VERY limited so come and secure this one today! •	Nine to fifteen foot ceilings* (in select floorplans) •	Oversize dual pane windows •	Built in microwaves •	Central heat and AC •	Designer tile bath and shower surrounds •	Full size stackable washer/dryers •	Private patio/balconies*  (in select floorplans) •	Oversized bathrooms •	Stainless Steel Appliances •	Wood vinyl plank flooring in first floor units* •	Year round heated pool & spa
1 Selling my 2001 Dodge Ram 1500 Quad Cab Short Bed, new tires, Registered , tow hitch Status: Clean Title Interior Color: Gray leather Interior Registration up to date - Will expire May 2017 Clean on the inside - no reap, smog, registered, new tires, auto transmission No check engine light, runs great, tuned up,
1 JUST IN ONE NICE GLASS TOP TABLE WITH A MAHOGANY BASE ALSO 4 MAHOGANY CHAIRS -- THIS SET IS A MARRIAGE -- FOR ALL 5 PIECES -- THE PRICE IS 149.00 -- GLASS TOP TABLE IS 95.00 AND THE CHAIRS ARE 19.00 EACH -- OVERALL THIS SET IS IN GOOD CONDITION -- THIS CAN BE SEEN AT YESTERYEARS MARKETPLACE -- CALL BOB AT
1 I have an iPhone 6 available, 16gb storage, and unlocked for GSM carriers.  The phone is in good condition except for a small bright spot appearing in the left corner.  It does not affect use and the spot does not appear in photos.  It is adult owned and always been in a case.  I changed the battery on it within the last year.  I can meet you at my office in Emeryville or at the mobile carrier of your choice in Oakland or Emeryville to verify that the phone is unlocked if you have any doubts.
1 Excellent, well cared for leather Natuzzi sofa - modern look. ONLY had for a year. No rips, tears, scuffs. Quality Italian leather. Italian leather. http://www.natuzzi.us/
0 Great bike for exploring the bar area. It's working well, and has just been tuned up! I enjoyed riding this around, but I have another bike, and no longer need this one. I fixed this bike which is why I'm selling it. It has a new: set of trued wheels, chain, two cables, front derailleur, grips, and it has been relubricated! Call me up to ride away ~
0 Used but all in working order. iPhone 3G, Black, 8GB iPhone 4G, Black, 16GB
1 1926 Colosseum Way, Antioch, CA 94531 Please call Ling for application package!
0 Up for sale is my 2007 Ford Focus ZX4 SES sedan 4 doors / Automatic transmission and 4 cylinders engine 2.0L with timing chain. Clean title in hand runs and drives like new. car passed smog (certificate available for new owner). registration paid for 2018 JUNE - 4 new Bridgestone tires with balance and alignment - 4 new struts / front and  rear complete with new springs - new front brakes.
0 Vintage Round Marbletop Pedestal Table, with an Ornate Wood Empire Style Base and 3 Brass Lions Head Feet. A beautiful and classic piece in very good condition.  Some minor surface wear including a few scratches on the base, light corrosion on the brass lion heads. Please see photos for more details and let me know if you have any questions.
0 For sale is a brand new Jorg and Olif Omafiets. The bike received a custom red and black paint job. It has never been ridden. I purchased a set of panniers in Amsterdam and added them. The front head light is dynamo powered, while the rear light takes batteries. I purchased the bike unassembled and when I built it, realized it wasnt the right size for me. Ooops.
0 We are selling AT&T GoPhone Prepaid SIM Card Very good Rate: Calls - 10c per minute, 20c per SMS You can change a plan for any other available later.
0 Need charge your Phone? Why not take charger with you. Anywhere you go you can use it. It can be regarded as a charger or a backup battery with USB output which can charge for mobile phone, video game, iPod, MP3, PDA, MP4, MP5, PMP and other device with USB charging by matched discharge output cable and plus adaptor.The best gift for your parents, girl friend, friends and yourself. Product Features LED Remaining Power Smart Tips: The battery indicator, 4-LED indicate (charging.full of  bright blue light.) 20pcs led light,800 Lumen (Max) Light Working Time: Max to 3 to 5 Hours (Full power)
1 Very Unique custom built Commuter bike, City Bike, Bikepacking, dirt drops, road bike, gravel grinder, randonneur, touring bike, cyclecross, cyclocross, CX Assembled by local mechanic with 17 years experience Small/Medium size for people 5' to 5'9" Schwinn Quality steel frame with mixte (step thru) design for more top tube clearance and easier mount/dismount when fully loaded. Shimano triple 3x9 speed drivetrain so 27 effective gears to get up any hill anwhere.
0 Call Marco to ride away!
1 Hey CL,
1 Push to Talk (hands free) Visor/belt clip
0 I have a brand new still in the box Night Owl brand survalence camera system. Whatch live from your phone
0 I am selling my 2004 Chevy 2500 HD Utility Bed Work Truck, with 175K miles, the truck comes with clean title, it was previously owned by pg&e , goodyear wrangler tires, ac works good, passed smog, leather seats, clean inside and outside, comes with a remote control flood/spot light and ladder rack. Truck has original white paint with white door jams.
0 Come visit the ONLY apartment building nestled in this popular downtown residential area. Enjoy the security of gated entry and underground gated garage parking. These beautiful apartments are walking distance to BART, shopping, restaurants, elementary and middle schools. Minutes away from 880 and580 freeways. Our desirable homes have been completely remodeled to include dual pane windows, stylish 6 panel doors, beautiful crown molding and baseboard, modern brushed nickel fixtures, microwaves, dishwashers, and so much more! This particular apartment home is located on the third floor bringing in ton's of natural sunlight! It has been redone with sleek black countertops! The cabinetry is newly redone in an elegant white with brushed nickelEuro hardware! See for yourself just how bright and light this apartment home feels! SAVE MONEY! Cancel your gym membership to workout in our beautiful upgraded fitness center with a view of the hills!
0 I used it a little when my job was close. When I change the job the bike was stored in the garage. Wheels, frame and seat are in great condition. Brand is Avalon with dual(full) suspension.
0 909 56th Street #A Rooms: Studio / 1 bath Type: Apartment building City/Neighborhood: North Oakland Showing: By Appointment Only
1 Blue wingback accent chair vintage blue COMFY! SEE PICS. a little fading at top from sun as you can see in pics (we use the white doily to cover it up-we will include in the sale, or your own accent blanket can be used).  aside from that it's in great condition. no rips or tears, no stains, VERY comfy. It is in our smoke free/pet free home.
1 The New Californian - 1 Bedroom units available for a short term lease -Full-size washer and dryer in unit -Rooftop with panoramic view of the Bay area -Utilities included in rent are Internet, Cable, Gas and Garbage
1 Leasing Office | Essex Property Trust | EMME Apartment Homes 6350 Christie Ave, Emeryville, CA 94608 Sq Footage: 471sqft. Bathrooms: 1Bath Lease Duration:13 Months Flexible leasing terms Laundry: In Unit Property Type: Apartment Your new home is on our 1st floor facing our beautiful and peaceful courtyard with dark vinyl flooring through out and a gorgeous kitchen with stainless appliances, dark cherry cabinets and cesar stone counter tops. All of Emme's homes come with full size front load washer and dryer plus all the studios come with a huge walk in closet!! Enjoy our incredible rooftop access with views of the city skyline and both golden gate and bay bridges! NOW LEASING!! Schedule Your Appt TODAY! Walk-in closet Dishwasher Microwave
1 2157 Santa Clara Avenue is a quaint apartment complex located in the heart of the Park Avenue shopping district of Alameda.  Conveniently located minutes away from I-880, restaurants, movie theater, CVS, and tons of boutique style shops.  The building has open floor plans and completely updated apartment interiors.  Individual apartment units include modern dual pane windows and newer carpet.  Apartment units are very bright and modern, having been extensively remodeled in 2015 and 2017.  We are now renting apartment #A, a very large 2 bedroom / 2 bath apartment with the following amenities. * Recessed lighting * Synthetic stone tub/shower surround * New casement windows recently installed
0 Extra items from an Oculus VR developer kit, new and unused. •	Power supply:  100-240vac  50-60hz 0.3A
1 Small complex of only 15 units Hardwood floor and dining area New carpet Spacious 2 bedroom apt approx 950 sq ft
1 I am selling my 72 chop top pro street pickup it has a chris alston back half with a fab 9 rear end chromemolly axles posi 390 gears new 15x15 weld wheels with 31x18.5 x15 rear chrome four links..also it is a a/c truck with factory tilt wheel and tack. very nice stereo...it is red it has been in the family for 20 years... always in garage..it has a mild 350 motor and automatic tranny..it needs a little tlc from age but it is only 22500 .truck has a lot of custom features front bumper is molded in custom door handles..luvers hood and tail gate .rollpan. and more!!!trucks like this with no chop top are selling in the 20 to 30 ks???? so I feel this is a good deal....thanks have a great day!. the starter took a couple tries to catch???might need a starter..might not,.,but it is still a great deal for any body who knows the value of a truck like this...make offer do not need it .......
1 1999 528i touring Dinan Cold Air Intake and Front Strut Bar Style 32 wheels with good tread tires Anthracite Gray exterior Two toned black and gray interior due to seats of original gray interior being ripped. still have all gray parts which were replaced and will be included in sale. Facelifted bumpers and headlights
1 I am selling this black coffee table because I do not have room for it in my small studio anymore.  The glass is not cracked or damaged.  Two small chairs are very sturdy and they slide in and out from under the table.
1 I have Boys bike for sale size 16", Hot Wheels in red color. If interested email or text Leo
1 Used dining table as pictured, plus a leaf to expand the size.  Although the surface looks stained, a tablecloth solves that issue, and this table is sturdy. As pictured, the table is 48" round and you can put four chairs around it.  If you add the leaf, the table becomes 6' x 4' oval you can easily put six seats around, we've managed eight seats around it at times.
0 Vintage Univega Viva Sport Mixte 10-Speed Road Bike in very good condition Features lightweight dual downtube step-through frame, 27" quick release aluminum wheels, and upright handlebars Upright riding position allows rider greater road visibility and is gentler on the back
0 2007 Mazda cx-9 2wheel drive. Truck has 138k miles. Did all brakes and rotors all around also just did tune up and transmission flush a week ago. Clean title. Also come with 22 inch rims and stock tires.
1 12000mAh Portable External Battery Charger Power Bank for Cell Phone Capacity :12000mAh Powerful energy backup, add hours of power to your digital devices. Portable, convenience and freedom, power up your digital devices at any time, anywhere. The use of advanced intelligent protection chip, the overcharge protection, discharge, discharge protection, overload protection chip, short circuit protection, leakage protection, and five heavy security protection. The lithium-ion polymer, long service life, more safety. 12000mAh capability, powerful with long operation time.
1 40 Watts x 4 Max Power, Balance/Fader/Bass/Treble and Preset built-in EQ No CD or DVD Player, Plays USB/SD, MP3, WMA, FM and Smart Phones
0 **IF YOU'RE READING THIS IT'S STILL AVAILABLE.**
0 Welcome Home!This Beautifully renovated 2 bed/1 bath home in Vallejo, CA. This charming home is complete with a 1 car garage and a fenced-in backyard. Located in a great spot right near Interstate 80. Nearby shopping and businesses can be found right across the street and to the north at Solano 80 Shopping Center. ..Ready For Move In ASAP!!!
0 I have all matching set of two side bed cabinets with large double mirror dresser drawer and standing large dresser all matching look at photos All drawers are complete and in good condition.  In Castro Valley. Asking 400 and it's well worth it.
0 Apple iPhone 6 Plus - 16GB - Silver NGAM2LL/A NETWORK UNLOCKED! CLEAN IMEI & RUNNING IOS 10.3.2!
0 Hi.  I have a Fitbit Charge HR that I have for sale.  It's is in like new condition.  I have barely used it and would be better off with someone else that would use it more often.
1 Energy sub woofer for sale. Item is in great condition. Original owner. If you are looking for a great sub woofer in great condition give me a call.
0 Have a Coveroo Stanford University - Cardinal Watermark design on iPhone 5c. CandyShell Case by Speck.
0 Highly durable shell shields the iPhone 5 from damage 5-layer protection with built-in screen protector Shock-absorbent polymer in 2 layers
0 Only one owner and just put new run flat tires on in April. Only selling my car because I moved to the mountains and need all wheel drive. The car has been awesome and completely trouble-free. We've had a lot of fun in this beautiful BMW, but it's time for an SUV. The car has been serviced as recommended. Please feel free to email me with any additional questions. Cash or possible trade for the right fit. Interior Color:	GREY Engine: 6-Cyl, 3.0 L
0 Luxury 0.7mm Ultra-thin Aluminum Metal Alloy Bumper Frame Case buttons for iPhone SE 5S 5 - Specific design for Apple iPhone 5 / 5S / SE - CNC Machined from a solid block of aircraft grade aluminum - Humanized design:built-in volume button and power button - 0.7mm Super Thin and strong protection
0 Outdoor Furniture for Sale - Pair of Patio Chairs with Cushions in good condition.  The chairs are green plastic and have some discoloration from being in the sun, but they do the job and are quite comfortable. Cash only, you pickup please.
0 I have 2 - iPhone 6s boxes; for the Rose Gold & Black iPhones. These boxes are empty. Since I no longer need the boxes I'm selling them to anyone who wants them.
1 This is the hotel B&B of your dreams! High-quality furniture! Washer and dryer ready for your free use inside the apartment! Large windows for light. End unit, ground floor! In beautiful Berkeley near everything! parking, cable TV & internet service are included! 2 car parking in assigned parking lot near your door! 3 months minimum stay Pics:  https://www.flickr.com/photos/garyluria/ then I clicked "Albums" and on the left-hand side I clicked on '2226-B 9 photos'. please let me know, thanks Gary
1 I have had this bike for about 8 year. It rides great and many components have been upgraded. Call/text with any questions.
1 Welcome to The Courtyards at 65th St! We're thrilled you're considering living at the Courtyards at 65th St. We have everything you're looking for in your new apartment. Here at the Courtyards, you can enjoy a maintenance-free lifestyle, revel in the beauty of the East Bay's premier apartment community. Your new apartment features: 1.) Granite counter tops in 4th floor apartments (Formica on 1st to 3rd floor) 2.) Gourmet kitchens with maple-style cabinets and Whirlpool black appliances 3.) Built-In Microwave Oven 4.) Washer and Dryer in each home 5.) Phone and data lines with high speed internet access 7.) Hardwood-style flooring in kitchen
0 Fully registered and Road ready. Got California title and registration. California rust free!
1 Great shape no accident,  Great handling. It come with a dealership maintenance package (100,000 miles up to 9/23/18.) This include Engine Oil, and brake Fluid replacement, Check, Front & Rear Brakes, Cabin Micro-filter and Spark Plug replacement when Needed. Front & Rear disc brakes with ABS. Electronic Stability Control. Rollover Protection System. Traction Control. Traction & Stability control. Sport package. Power Mirrors. Heated Mirrors. Bluetooth. Key less entry.
1 Mileage:	 28,843 only Engine:	 4-cly 1.8 L Transmission:	Automatic
0 "The mattress of my dreams" ;-) The Original Mattress Company
1 Mileage:	48,135 only Engine:	6-cly, 3.5L
0 869 Brockhurst Street **Open House today, May 14, 2017 @ 2-3 p.m.** Rooms: 5 bed / 1 bath Type: Single Family House City/Neighborhood: West Oakland
0 Black Double doors with mesh Condition: Structurally sound
1 for sale is a new diamondback El Oso de Acero.  rode it only a few times around the block.  online impulse purchase and when it arrived i realized it's not for me.  my loss your gain.
1 I have 4 cabinets file metal  4-Drawer for sell. They are good condition. they are black .I sell them for 70$/each.
1 I have a 2016 Brand New Neon Spring CAAD12 Hydraulic Disc Brake with full Dura Ace setup that I am selling.  Took it out for one ride (So 30 miles on the bike total).  I was looking for a carbon bike for a long time, and found the bike I wanted right after I purchased this, so I only rode it once. Frame: CAAD12 Disc, SmartFormed 6069 Alloy, SPEED SAVE, BB30a, Di2 Ready, flat-mount disc Fork: CAAD12 Disc, SPEED SAVE, BallisTec Carbon, 1-1/8" to 1-1/4", integrated crown race, post-mount disc Crank: Cannondale HollowGram Si, hollow forged, w/ OPI SpideRing, BB30a, 52/36 Chain: Shimano HG700-11, 11-speed Rear Derailleur: Shimano Dura-Ace 9000 Rims: Mavic Ksyrium Disc WTS Hubs: Mavic Ksyrium Disc
0 My mom bought this bike in 2007 and logged a low number of miles the next few years, but its been sitting in the garage mostly since 2010. Only thing not included is the pedals. Also comes with a women's seat and front/rear shock manuals.
1 Hi, I'm selling a Sony Portable Bluetooth Speaker (Black). Powerful, portable sound with 30 Watts of digital amplification, Full-range, stereo speakers deliver rich, full sound, Subwoofer with passive radiator delivers added bass emphasis, Stream music wirelessly w/Bluetooth& NFC connections
0 bought a couple of weeks ago from metro and used only as tablet
0 Beautiful baby changing table and pad featuring 2 shelves and a fully functioning drawer.  The table structure is sturdy, made of solid wood with quality particle board at the bottoms of the shelves and drawer.  Overall in good condition, gently used. Non-smoking home.
0 Apple iPhone 6 A1549 MGSC2LL/A Cellphone, 64GB, Silver iCloud UNLOCKED Must include the word "El Cerrito" in your reply to me so I know you are not a spammer or solicitor. Apple iPhone 6 - Silver-- 64 GB - Unlocked - READ! In Perfect condition. Unused charger, Unused lightning cable, Unused Headphones all included. T-Mobile carrier unlocked.
0 The sofa was acquired by one of my family members and passed onto me. I have to let go of this lovely sofa because I am moving to a new house with the interior of brighter/lighter color. We can arrange a local pick-up in Walnut Creek, CA. Text me at
0 Motorola model BK10, extended capacity batteries for Sprint/Nextel phones. Each battery comes with an extended battery cover.
1 Here's the link to my other ads: https://sfbay.craigslist.org/search/sss?userid=55884146 Read about it here: http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/70263842/ Width: 31 1/2 " Depth: 11 " Width: 80 cm Depth: 28 cm
1 I have a new West Elm Mid century Robbins storage coffee table. It is new and never used. I bought it and changed my mind. Specs: Our Robbins Mid-Century Storage Coffee Table works triple duty, thanks to its roomy tabletop, drawers and open bottom shelf. We topped off its Scandinavian-inspired silhouette with a sleek marble surface.
0 5 shelves - 49"h x 18.5"w x 9.75"d Shelves are fixed but you can lift any individual shelf up and prop against back to create more space. Good for dvds, cds, books or anything you'd like.
0 Beautiful Silver Samsung Galaxy Edge 7 on Sprint.  32 Gig memory.
1 Welcome to Cross Pointe Apartment Homes! . 1 Bed 1 Bath .
1 Factory Unlocked . Metro, T-Mobile, At&t, Cricket
0 iPhone / iPod® Dock / Playback / Charge
1 MacyBed 8.5" Plush Pillowtop Queen Mattress in excellent condition. Bought in December of 2013, 3.5 years old. Only had one owner in one household (one person sleeping on it, minimal ware).  No stains or discoloring. Been covered with mattress cover since purchase.
0 All wood table from the 30's.  Finish is a very hard and durable alkyd enamel.  semi-gloss finish.  Colors are Ivory and a dark chocolate.  (color doesn't show well in photos)  Very sturdy.  28" x 48" x 30" high.  Single drawer in front.
0 Nice & quiet neighborhood, away from the city noise, yet Very central & near everything . . . Close to buses, grocery, cafe and restaurants . . . Ideal for downtown Berkeley, UC Berkeley, Extension and San Francisco . . . Only 2 minutes walk to University ave., shops, cafes
1 Great combination of location, features, and price! Located in San Pablo, your home is in a convenient area for commute, shopping, and dining.
0 I have a brand new unopened box Samsung Galaxy s8.
1 Up For Sale is in Excellent Condition *** *** *Clean Title (Carfax Report Available) *Excellent Running Condition *No Any Mechanical Issue *
1 Nice and sweet bike, with a lot of sugar.
0 https://www.hayneedle.com/product/baxton-studio-currin-3-drawer-mirrored-nightstand.cfm
1 iPhone 6 with 64GB Factory Unlocked and all GSM International Very good condition Included wall charger
1 Up for sale is a hero 3 black edition with waterproof case, 8g memory stick, and charger cable. GoPro works perfect in all settings.
1 Have normal wear. 20 inch wheels are 60/pair each One set has Redline cassette hubs
1 THIS TABLE IS IN VERY GOOD CONDITION GREAT SIZE AND COLOR IN THE STAR SHAPE
0 I'm selling my Nest Protects as I do not need them.
0 BMW Z3 need a good home, runs good with no issues. Great on gas and very sporty looking. Low miles for the year. Come get it before it's gone. Smog certificate in hand.
0 Wheels and Tires Tires: 26 x 1.95inch Kenda Krossplus Spoke Brand: Stainless steel, 14ga. (2.0mm) straight gauge Shift Levers: Shimano Altus EF-29
0 Our charming fully furnished and equipped home is available for the 2017-2018 academic year.  Available September 1, 2017-August 1, 2018.  Some flexibility on dates.  Fully remodeled and equipped kitchen.  Hardwood floors throughout.  Gas fireplace insert in living room. Remodeled bathroom with walk in shower and separated tub.  Outdoor deck and garden.  Light and bright home.  Rent includes all utilities, Wi-Fi and cable. Sorry no pets.
0 Up for sale is a cool Rocker Chair for gamers It has hook ups for lots of things, and it has speakers built in! Model #: 51231
0 2010 Look 586 Origin Team Edition frame size is large 56cm. Bike is in perfect condition with less than a thousand miles (was a backup bike).  This competition level bike has all the best components:
1 #747 Ideal for wilderness areas where facilities do not exist. Easily portable and convenient, featuring a full length nylon zippered entrance and a clear P.V.C. roof. Made from waterproof heavy duty rip-stop Product Features Privacy shelter ideal for camping, beach trips, and other public activities Heavy-duty ripstop polyethylene walls and clear PVC roof
0 PLEASE DONT BE ONE OF THOSE IDIOTS AND SEND ME A LOW BALL OFFER.  The bike is worth every penny and much more. Selling my back up bike, it's been sitting in my office for about 2 years. Full Sram Force
1 1Br/1ba in Central Vallejo, recently remodeled, newer kitchen ,bathroom, storage, gated private entrance on the back as well as front , shared use of the back yard. Close to everything: downtown, freeway , shopping. Next to a bus stop. Upcoming neighborhood. Ground floor unit. Deposit depends on credit history. No Section8, sorry. Please bring pay stubs for faster approval of your free application. Individual showing could be arranged with pre screening interview.Please text details of your situation. Open house today 2pm till 7pm
0 Couch and love seat from a non-smoking pets free house. Upholstery is clean and doesn't have any stain.
0 FOR SELL IS A DINING  ROOM  TABLE  AND  4  CHAIRS
0 Really, really, really comfortable set of furniture! Wifey wants to upgrade to a new stiff couch! In great shape, with some light staining from the various things that happen in life. Did I mention its really comfy?
0 Cats have gotten to the seating a little and scratched up one of them quite a bit. --------------------------
0 I'm selling my iPad Air 2 case! It is leather designed too look lik wood. It has a chargeable keyboard and a kickstand. The company sticker fell off, that's the thing pictured on the back of the case.
0 Cool Vintage Brass Hat Rack.  Multifunctional.  Can be used for hats, coats, blankets, towels and other display items. Interesting, Modern Design that it is rarely found in a hat rack.  Very sturdy and well built.
0 Selling Frame & Mattress. Good condition. Comes apart nicely. Length: 82 5/8in Width: 68 1/8in
1 Entela XX 15blb UV Bench lights..Shortwave UV: Sterilization and sanitation
1 Stop Looking Start Living Call Now: 1701 Marshall Rd, Vacaville, CA, 95687 Want more information on this unit? See link (below): http://live.fpimgt.com/325r68 1701 Marshall Rd Special:  amazing deals here at HIDDEN CREEK Hidden Creek in Vacaville provides you with a truly exceptional lifestyle. Beyond the gated entryway, you will find the tranquil atmosphere of our community. Nestled amidst our serene pond and alluring trees, this prestigious community offers 1 and 2 bedroom apartment homes with exceptional amenities for you to enjoy. Hidden Creek is just minutes away from freeway, shopping, excellent dining and Travis Air Force Base. - Dishwasher - Granite counter tops - Wheelchair Access - Cable Ready - Carpeting - Walk in Closets - High Ceilings
0 Up for sale is a 2011 G37 with 115k all commuting miles and trips to L.A. The car is in excellent condition no issues at all.(EVERYTHING WORKS) The only reason im selling the car is because im looking for an SUV. Im open to trades for only SUV'S must be the same year or newer acura, Honda,Toyota, Lexus,Infiniti. All services are up to date it is a very reliable car. The car comes with bluetooth,bose stereo system,USB,heated seats,hks exhaust,stage 3 cold air intake ,and much more.
1 07 Jeep Liberty Ac blows freezing cold power
0 2 Magna bikes.  These are sold as is.  The tires all look to be in good condition.  They all pedal well.  2 have seats that are coming apart.  You will need new tubes.  All are nice looking bikes.  1 is a boys, one is a girls.
1 * clean title * good condition * excellent leather interior, very good exterior
1 Bookcases: 73.5" H x 17.5" D x 36" W The unit is very sturdy and well made (meaning heavy). Will need 2 to lift / carry it, but it will fit inside a standard truck bed, no problem. Still in Great condition, would be considered Excellent with the exception of the below:
1 2015 intense spider 27.5, size Large, foundation built, saint pedal, black deore brake, SLX chainring 1x10 speed with raceface 30T, intense wheelset, ardent tires, 140mm rear and front suspension, 40mm stem, intense handlebar and bar, SLx shifter and derailleur, WTB seat, The bike maybe had 150miles on local trail. No scratch or dent. Also, you will get the original stem. Mint condition No lowballer and tire kicker
1 This Ford Fiesta ST 2016 is in excellent condition. The car is fully loaded, nearly every option was added. This car has been very loved and perfectly taken care of. Black rims Bluetooth
0 In good kitchen table and eight steady chairs condition with Built in lazy Susan The original beige suede seat cushions have some stains and signs of wear (see photos)
0 This is a beautiful Torelli frame, with a hodgepodge of high end components on it. It has been carefully built, from the frame up, and performs excellently. 54cm seat tube, 50cm top tube. Steel Frame. Good fit for someone 5'5 - 5'10". 22lbs (light weight). We custom build bikes in many shapes and sizes, and this one is a special build. Features: 9-speed Forte shifters Duran Ace bottom bracket  (Italian) Cardiff leather saddle (brand new)
1 2008 honda civic hybrid Very nice and clean Gps include New tires michelline
0 Still sturdy and good, average condition. Some small tear on some by being placed against wall, but doesnt show much
0 I am selling a Classic Motobecane Jubilee Sport 12 speed road bike in great condition ! This fine bike has a steel frame, aluminum alloy wheels with brand new tires - upgraded Shimano / Suntour components, -  super clean paint !  Bike was just tuned and had new tires installed, got all the shifters - brakes and gears working like they should.. Bike is in very good shape and its ready for a new rider. Call me to see it.
0 For Sale:  TWO Vermont Furniture Designs cherry wood dressers.  Beautiful craftsmanship and solidly built.  This is not your IKEA particle board throw-away junk!  These will last for years and become heirlooms for you to pass down.
1 Frame is a 2011 Niner Air 9 Scandium Components: Full 2012 Full XT, including the disc brakes (!!) Seatpost: Fizik (I forget the model but its the fancy one with the micro adjuster) Bars: Easton Carbon Stem: Easton EA70
0 Take a look at this beautiful home featuring 3 bedrooms, 1 bathroom, and approximately 940 square feet. Enjoy the freedom of a virtually maintenance free lifestyle while residing in a great community. This home is professionally managed and maintained by Tricon American Homes. You deserve single family rental living at its best! One-year lease minimum Utilities: Resident pays for all utilities including trash, sewer, and water Animals approved with pet fee and monthly animal rent Breed Restrictions: Pit Bulls, American Staffordshire Terriers, Rottweilers, Doberman Pinchers, Wolf-Hybrids and Perro de Presa Canarios or any dog that has the above breeds in their lineage are not allowed at any home managed by Tricon American Homes. Applicable only where state law allows. Maximum three animals allowed Equal Housing Opportunity
0 Quality Ear buds / ear phones .. BRAND NEW ..
0 Headboard, Footboard frame Dresser with mirror( the mirror came off and when we glued it back on, the glue stained the glass, as shown on the picture)
0 Email me if interested, call or text me at
1 114k miles fresh tune up/oil change recently changed head gasket and erg valve. Leather interior heated seats and new stereo deck. (Willing to trade any manual muscle car)
1 Locate at the top of the Berkeley Hills is an architect designed contemporary hill side house. 2bed/2baths with panoramic view of the S.F. city, bay bridge, and Golden Gate bridge. Modern, bright and sunny with sparkle white walls, cabinet, and tile floor in bath rooms, counters and cabinets in kitchen. New oat meal color carpet in all bed rooms, living room and dining area. Private deck from each bed room. One bed room has a deck with a view of S.F. City. The other bed room has a deck with a woodsy view. Enclosed 30 ft. x 4ft passive solar/sun room/deck facing S.F. with a fantastic sunset of Mt. Tam. 1,388 s.f. plus washer and dryer downstairs. If you live here, you will feel like you are living in a castle in the sky.  This house is located near Tilden park, the golf course and high above Grizzly Peak Blvd. No pets please.
1 Excellent condition, Two Bar stools of very high quality and finish :- The padded seat means you sit comfortably. Footrest for extra sitting comfort. Width: 18 1/2 " Depth: 23 1/4 " Seat width: 18 7/8 " Seat depth: 17 3/8 "
0 Moving out of state and selling an excellent condition twin-sized futon.
0 Beautiful dining room table with 6 matching chairs handmade in Indonesia. ~60 inch diameter with removable Lazy Susan. Very beautiful detail - see pics and make offer. Must take away in your own vehicle, won't fit in mine.
1 Details - Beautiful bike not sold in the US - Made in Dijon France in 1958 - Company purchased by Peugeot same year. The paint on this is beautiful and in very good condition. Has "boxing" highlights on the bike. Ideale saddle in excellent condition. Mafac "racer" brake set. The Nervex lugs are very nicely painted too. AVA stem. 27" Araya rims. Shimano bar-end shifters. Has Shimano derailleurs front and back, nothing special - needs some period correct Simplex or Huret to make it look better. Durax cottered cranks (solid), Lyotard pedals. Torpado bike pump. New Fizik bar tape. New Kool Stop brake pads.
0 Very nice looking bed.  It is simple, low profile and well built.  Natural finish. I just got queen size mattress and this frame no longer fit.
0 MC-2205 solid state amplifier. This unit works perfectly and sounds fantastic. Some peeling of silkscreen on faceplate around headphone jack. 200 real watts per channel. Wood cabinet sold. Bring your cd or vinyl for a great demo.
1 Spacious 4 Bedroom , 2 ½ Bath Single Family House in a Highly Desirable Hidden Lake community, Tracy, available for Rent. Newly Painted - Interior and Exterior 1 Spacious Master Bedroom with Walking Closet 3 Spacious Bedrooms 1 Spacious Bonus/office room Spacious Family Room Spacious Living room with Fireplace Spacious Kitchen with center island 2-1/2 Bath
0 SE Racing Todd Lyons 16" Freestyle bike with gyro. Old School SE forks - 1 piece cranks, aftermarket pedals, and seat. New tires. Great for toddler - no training wheels included. No calls after 8:00 pm and no texts please.
1 Brand new 4 bedroom apartments coming available this summer! These apartments are perfect for large groups of 8 -12+! This apartment building provides you with an excellent location! It is only two blocks from the UC Berkeley campus and just a few blocks from the Downtown Berkeley BART station and Telegraph Avenue! These units provide a brand new modern kitchen, abundant natural lighting for comfortable living, and they are well-maintained and organized units with a homey and relaxing appeal. The lease for this property would begin in August of 2017 and continue until May 31, 2018. The lease is renewable each year. Amenities & Features include: -Cable/DSL Ready - 2 Full bathrooms
1 Cornerstone at Gale Ranch, community is located in the heart of San Ramon. We have 3 bedroom available! Our three bedroom floor plan offers you all the space you need and all the style you demand. Enjoy a spacious balcony or patio with storage closet, kitchen with granite counter tops, built-in microwave, and washer/dryer in each unit. Water, sewer, and trash included in rental rate. Cornerstone at Gale Ranch is located in the Highly Esteemed San Ramon Valley School District, and is adjacent to Quail Run Elementary School, Gale Ranch Middle School and Dougherty Valley High School. Check with the San Ramon Valley Unified School District for details. ** INCOME RESTRICTIONS DUE APPLY** *Built In Microwaves *Cable Ready *Energy Efficient Dishwashers *Energy Star Central Air Conditioning *Full Sized Stackable Dryers *Full Sized Stackable Washers *Large Walk In Closets
1 Kalp - Son Rattan Co 11 piece Dining Set for sale. Quality real furniture!  Just in time for the Holidays,  feast and Christmas gatherings. Expands to hold 8 people, collapses to 4 people, apartment sized or formal dining room sized.  Mid Century Hollywood Regency style,  Kalp - Son Rattan Co. aqua/teal vinyl covered real Bamboo Chairs and Bamboo dining table for sale.  The dining Table is 48" round and expands up to 82" oblong when the two 17" leaves are added. (28" high) Chairs seat height is 17"  height of chair back is 28" high, seat is 16" wide.  Some of the chairs can use some stitching, but are in overall beautiful condition.  Please see the pictures.  You can use them now as they are or re-cover them.  These pieces stand the test of time and will last for a very long time to come.   I am asking 1200.00 for the entire set.  If interested, please call, do not text.  Local pick up, cash only.  If the ad is up, it's available
1 ............................................................................................................................. Purefix Pure Fix Flip Flop Fixie / Single Speed Bike Bicycle. Mike Model in black & white w gold accents. Matte Black frame with Pure-White deep dish wheels and Gold hubs. Its customized into more badassness not default. Plus no tax or shipping fees. Yall know this.. so no lowballers.. no one likes low balls.
1 This is a very beautiful Table. I am selling this piece first. May also be selling other items next week. Please see info below.
1 Selling my 2004 Toyota Tacoma TRD limited addition.
0 I am selling my 2011 Ford Ranger 4 wheel drive, with 157k miles, it is a previous company truck, well maintained, runs good, transmission shifts good, ac, heater and everything works perfect, good tires tires. Truck comes with clean title and runs like new.
1 Move out sale, excellent condition IKEA MALM 2-drawer chest, can be used as nightstand Width: 15 7/8 " Depth: 19 " Width: 40 cm
0 Baby Relax Tinsley Nursery Rocker Chair, Gray - Upholstered nursery glider chair, plush and super comfortable with lots of room for you and sleepy baby - Snuggle for hours! baby soft, easy-to-clean microfiber glider chair - Nursery room friendly, unisex, non-gender specific colors available
0 This LED monitor has served me very well and still looks amazing. Screen No scratches and no dead pixels and work great., Perfect/like new condition ..very barely used info page: http://www.samsung.com/levant/consumer/it/monitor/led-monitor/LS27D590PS/ZN/
0 Original Manufacturer LG travel chargers, in great condition, Listed by model number (you will need to determine which phone fits)
0 2 with single shelf. 3 with media drawer. Item 2: (1 piece) 23 ⅝"w x 15"h x 15 ¾"d. Black-brown. No shelf. Item 3: (1 piece) 23 ⅝"w x 25 ¼"h x 15 ¾"d. Black-brown. One shelf (in the picture, item 2 & 3 are stack on top of each other)
1 2016 Mazda CX-3 --Touring  SPORT UTILITY Mileage: 1523 only Trans: Automatic
1 Welcome to Lewis Apartment Communities. The Sycamores features studio, 1 and 2 bedroom apartment homes. Kitchens include refrigerator, dishwasher, gas range and microwave. Other amenities include: in home washer and dryer, private patio or balcony, non-smoking buildings, 24 hour emergency maintenance and a 30-Day Move-in Guarantee. The Sycamores offers a gated community, two pools, two spas, a 24 hour fitness center, play area, green belt and more. These apartment homes offer a variety of floor plans and amenities that meet a wide range of tastes and needs. Join the fun in a spacious, comfortable apartment community located between San Francisco and Sacramento, with easy commutes to both cities. Shopping, numerous parks, the Nut Tree airport and Napa Valley wineries are all nearby. It just doesn't get any better than this.
0 I bought this at the Alameda Flea Market a few years back. It's a great "weathered" blue but has a coat of poly to protect it. I believe it is an old sewing table made into a table. It has a handle on the bottom to lower and raise the wheels so you can roll it or let it sit.
1 This is a golden tan microfiber sectional from the top of the line Doss custom concepts collection at Macy's. The sectional is about 5 years old but is in good condition. The sectional is made in the USA with a steel frame with both springs and webbing. The cushions are a luxurious mix of down, feathers, and fiber. The cushion and throw pillow covers are removable and were washed within the last month.
1 I have a new West Elm Emmerson 3 Drawer Dresser. It is new and never used. Please refer to pictures. Specs from website: Rustic meets relaxed. Made from unfinished reclaimed pine certified to Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC) standards, the Emmerson® 3-Drawer Dresser shows the knots and natural imperfections that make each piece subtly one of a kind. Made from sustainably sourced wood certified to FSC® standards. Learn more.
1 Stop Looking Start Living Call Now: 1701 Marshall Rd, Vacaville, CA, 95687 Interested in more information? See link below: http://live.fpimgt.com/85n4ry 1701 Marshall Rd Baths:  2 Special:  stop on by and place your hold today! Hidden Creek in Vacaville provides you with a truly exceptional lifestyle. Beyond the gated entryway, you will find the tranquil atmosphere of our community. Nestled amidst our serene pond and alluring trees, this prestigious community offers 1 and 2 bedroom apartment homes with exceptional amenities for you to enjoy. Hidden Creek is just minutes away from freeway, shopping, excellent dining and Travis Air Force Base. - Granite counter tops - Large Closets - Wood Burning Fireplace - Wheelchair Access - Carpeting - Dishwasher - Cable Ready
0 Solid wood executive desk for sale. Need 3 guys to move from upstairs to the door, and a truck for transport.
0 Profile Airstryke Aero bars. They are not new but they have never been used. Ended up not fitting my road bike so don't have a use for them. They do not fit 31.8 bars.
1 Product Information
0 LOCATED IN TRACY, CA! Moving sale! We are moving and need to liquidate the following - email for more info or pics
1 -This phone is unlocked. The phone can use in all GSM sim card carriers such as AT&T/T-Mobile or international -Brand New sealed in box and we also have rose gold, gold and jet black color too
0 ABSW Studio Apartment Available Located in Southside, Berkeley, historically and popularly known as the epicenter of college life at Cal. Take pleasure in outdoor activities at your convenience by being just blocks away from Underhill Field and the historic People's Park. Eat up at the nearby Berkeley dining commons -- Crossroads or Cafe 3 -- or visit the Durant Food Court located on Telegraph Ave for a wide variety of ethnic cuisines. ABSW Apartments is the ideal place for students desiring that perfect mix of campus life and local social activities! -Charming & classic architecture (originally built in 1931) -- Recently renovated!
1 Large 2 Bedroom. 2 Bath. walk-In Closets. Small Deck. "Listed Price is With Student Discount." Call or text to make an appointment
1 selling my 2010 camaro ss  6.2L  auto and  maunal  runs good  120miles
1 Available June 1 for Move In. We will be showing the unit from May 15 - May 23 by appointment The Callaghan Victorian and Water Tower were built in 1880 Near downtown Livermore. Today there is a opportunity to enjoy life on this  estate in a 3 story Unit. First floor Kitchen, Laundry,Dining Area and Bathroom, washer dryer and refrigerator are included
0 Welcome Home! Love where you live! Welcome home to Parklane Apartments. Parklane Apartments offers easy access to major freeways, as well as being close to the very best restaurants, shopping, and entertainment in San Leandro. Our Property offers quality living at an affordable price in an unbeatable location. Parklane offers the comforts of home in a centralized and convenient location. Bart is less than a mile away, as well as freeway access to highway 580, 880 and 238. We are located in the San Leandro school district and right across the street from Jefferson Elementary School. We are also walking distance to San Leandro High School and Bancroft Middle School. Call to schedule your personal tour and see for yourself why Parklane Apartments is the perfect place to call home!!
1 For sale used 26" wheel mountain bike. 19" Women's specific aluminum frame with front suspension. 24 speeds and recently tuned up.
0 I have 6 of these dining chairs. Bought off Craigslist last fall and now wife doesn't like them for our new house.  So back into the market they go for someone else to get a deal.
0 This cruiser is in good shape and priced to move. 17 inch 3-Speed Shimano nexus shifter.
0 Create comfort and style at your dinner table with this wooden dining chair. Foam-cushioned, durable linen-covered chair sits you and your guests comfortably. This vintage looking mid century modern style chair is manufactured from sturdy rubberwood with an attractive wood-grain veneer in dark walnut.
1 Glass Cherry Wood Round End Side Accent Sofa Console Table w Magazine Rack Glass + Cherry Wood Base Chrome Accents Modern Contemporary Design Casters for mobility Constructed of tempered glass and rubber wood This modern contemporary Glass 'Swan' End Table with a magazine rack will be sure to become a favorite in your home.
0 Bike for sale. Bought this bike  (and another bike for Sale) a few years ago and my kid hardly rode it. Like new condition. Needs some cleaning. Pick up only. Fits ages 8-13.
0 Beautiful walnut mid-century modern nightstand / end table / side table by Broyhill for their 'Saga' collection. Spacious drawer offers perfect amount of hidden bedside storage. Features the collections classic engraved stars, original pulls and elegantly tapered feet. CONDITION As expected for vintage furniture, they are in original condition and have not been restored. So there are the regular wear and tear that's consistent with it's age. Pieces are in excellent vintage condition, are extremely sturdy and drawer slides smoothly.
1 655 s/f + 25 ft balcony We pay for Central Heat and A/C hot and cold water, sewer garbage and recycling pickup All electric kitchens Cable ready 55ft swimming pool, oversized jacuzzy, saunas, covered parking large 24/hour laundry facility Walking distance to downtown Walnut Creek, shopping, trails, close to BART, freeways, schools!
0 Has normal wear. Needs cleaning. Finish is peeling yet they are solid structurally.
1 yes, my gf is a monster to iphones. cracks every one she's ever had.
1 Take a look at this beautiful home featuring 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, and approximately 1,063 square feet. Enjoy the freedom of a virtually maintenance free lifestyle while residing in a great community. This home is professionally managed and maintained by Tricon American Homes. You deserve single family rental living at its best! One-year lease minimum Utilities: Resident pays for all utilities including trash, sewer, and water Animals approved with pet fee and monthly animal rent Breed Restrictions: Pit Bulls, American Staffordshire Terriers, Rottweilers, Doberman Pinchers, Wolf-Hybrids and Perro de Presa Canarios or any dog that has the above breeds in their lineage are not allowed at any home managed by Tricon American Homes. Applicable only where state law allows. Maximum three animals allowed Equal Housing Opportunity
0 We have them in red and green --------------------------
1 Advanced aluminum technology hand made in Italy TRI 2 matic seat w genuine gel
0 Please note:Buyer needs to haul; Decors shown in pics not included.
1 Solid Rubberwood Dark Brown Dining Table in Great Condition! Small crack on the side that is not noticeable / does not affect functionality at all. Chairs are not included. Email me if interested!
0 Medium-sized wooden pet habitat. Can be used just for play, too.  Works for cats, dogs, etc.  Please text if you'd like pictures. Available for pick-up.
0 Selling my mint verizon s7 edge, phone is still under 1 year warranty. Phone is flawless and will include original box w/ unopened charger and headphones, plus full body screen protector. Text
1 2008 BMW X3si 145,000 heated seats 6disc CD changer trip tronics Bluetooth aux tow package car is in great shape. Clean title water pump and timing were changed last years ago Interior very clean Exterior excellent condition
1 Carbon FSA Drop Bars Carbon FSA Stem Shimano Pro bottle cage Brand New group set
1 29 in. Carbon wheels, carbon cranks, XTR rear derailleur,  RockShox SID w/ brain, Magura disk brakes, front through axle (2014 fist year) etc. This bike has been very gently used and is in like new condition. Never raced. (Pedals not included)
0 I'm selling my beloved Soma Smoothie in 54cm, due to finally realizing that the fit just doesn't work for me. It's the regular Smoothie, not the ES. Meaning it has very agile geometry but can still fit 700x28s with room to spare (ES has a longer wheelbase, meaning slower handling, and fits 32s). I've used this for everything from fast road rides to light touring and gravel riding; I'd say this is one of the most capable zippy road bikes out there in terms of versatility. Build is Ultegra 6700 10 speed shifters, derailleurs, brakes, and 11-28 Ultegra cassette.
0 Up for sale is a decent looking Cadillac CTS. The body has its flaws(small dents in trunk, the roof had a rack before so it has 8 ribits). A/C works good, tires decent, pretty clean interior (just shampoo'd it carpet, cleaned leather and detailed engine. Not a perfect car But can be for not much Here is more info 2005 CTS Clean title
0 Large One Bedroom, 4 blocks from UC, spacious, with extra closet, full kitchen, balcony. Short distance to Bart, shopping, bus. It is an amazing One Bedroom 1 bath apartment The location is fabulous! Only 4 Blocks away from UC Berkeley campus, walking distance to bart, shopping, restaurants, and entertainment Downtown Berkeley. No pets.
0 Great vintage 1970's Peugeot 10-speed made in France. Bike is in good condition, nice decals, good tires & tubes. 22" frame on 27" wheels
0 Excellent condition crib mattress, here is a link: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B003XT43MG/ref=pe_385040_30332190_pe_175190_21431760_M3T1_ST1_dp_1 Vinyl, polyethylene and PVC free, phthalates and lead free, non-toxic waterproof, durable nylon cove
1 6 Commodore Drive Unit-C430 Awesome 1 bedroom 1 bath at Watergate Gorgeous flooring and granite counter tops throughout Water view from the terrace Separate storage space Dedicated garage parking space
0 Ice Blue with black strip.  Black Leatherette seats, 16" black alloy wheels, 6-Star Spoke.  Bluetooth and USB/iPad adapter.  STEPTRONIC automatic trans.  All regular maintenance has been done, paper work included.
0 Very comfortable futon!!  The frame is oak with a lot of beautiful details, and the mattress pad is very comfortable for sitting on and sleeping on. The mattress is Springair brand, has springs and is made of cotton, and is the full-size pad, measuring 54" by 75".  This futon has a built-in rope to help you pull it back up from the bed position into the couch position. We are a smoke-free home. To give you an idea of the dimensions of the couch/futon: the height of the arms is 21" the length: 6' 9 1/2"
0 Selling my 2006 Toyota 4 Runner with only 106k original miles. The truck is in great condition with no mechanical flaws whatsoever and a clean accident history. Got new tires about 3,000 miles ago. Always has the oil changed on time (due in about 1k). Just got a thorough cleaning inside and a wash and wax outside (still wet in the photos). This truck has never been offroad, but the 4WD is working perfectly from the few times we've been up to Tahoe in it. However, it's a 10+ year old truck that's been driven, not babied and garaged all the time. It's got some scratches, paint is not perfect, but zero body damage.
1 Walk to BART! Beautiful 2 Bedroom with an enclosed den as the third bedroom. Conveniently located in the highly desirable Ã‰lan @Dublin Station. Luxury city like living. Crown molding, gourmet kitchen with stainless steel appliances and slab granit counter. Corner unit. Unit facing court. Unit comes with a rare storage! 2 side by side underground parking spaces close to Elevator. Hot/Cold Water, Gas, and Trash included in the rent!
0 Full size loveseat of Italian leather in faded burgandy, I have the original tags and am the only owner.  There are no rips or tears and all cushions are in good shape.  The leather is faded and there are various small scratches from my cat. Would be the perfect Man Cave center piece.  Cash and carry only, I do not deliver.
1 Great bicycle for women or kids. My wife bought it and used it for less than 3 months, then switched to a hybrid.
0 20" LED Emergency Vehicle Dash Warning Strobe Flashing Light. these lights are a great addition and will defiantly get people out of your way as so you can respond on time! 7 Different modes of flashing / scanning mode. Please read the description to see a detail description of each mode. Includes: 1 x Traffic strobe light bar with on/off switch and mode changer button
1 Wheels are 26-in, 30-in from seat to pedal if the pedal is in the lowest rotation and seat is in lowest position.
1 Come home to The Henley located in Suisun City, CA. The Henley is a short distance from Fairfield, Napa, Vacaville, Sacramento, San Francisco, and the greater Bay Area via Hwy 12 or I-80. Shopping will be a breeze with the Vacaville Outlets, Solano Mall and Westfield Mall close by. Want to get away? Driving will be quick to a number of fantastic destinations such as the Napa Valley Wine District, San Francisco Fisherman's Wharf, Suisun City Wildlife Center or Suisun City Marina. Local schools include Suisun Elementary, Crystal Middle School, Armijo High School, Solano Community College, National University-Fairfield and the University of Phoenix-Fairfield. Our spacious one and two bedroom apartment homes have been carefully designed with your friends and family in mind. Our recently renovated interiors feature refrigerators, dishwashers, and stoves with brushed nickel hardware, light fixture accents and two tone painted walls. Catch some sun at the pool or enjoy our fully equipped fitness center that includes cardio, strength, and resistance equipment. The Henley is a pet friendly community, welcoming both cats and dogs. -Internet Access:High-Speed
0 This item is tested, functional and no missing parts. Free demo before purchase. I sell or trade for a old mens wind up, automatic, kenetic, solar, eco drive watches, 7" prerecorded reel to reel tapes, 10" take up metal reel, nab hub reel adapters, smart phone, etc
1 2006 Dodge Ram 3500 Crew Cab, LB Dually, 5.9 Turbo Diesel, Banks Power System, 2 Wheel Drive, A/T, All Pwr, Tilt, Cruise, Tinted Windows, Rear Sliding Window.  Diamond Plate Tool Box/Fuel Tank, Towing Package &Trailer Brake.  Predrilled Holes in the Bed for a 5th Wheel Setup.  Grey Metallic Exterior &  Gray Interior.    This Heavy Duty Dodge Truck has Lots of Power & gets 20 + miles per gallon on this High Powered Diesel.
1 I'm selling a 1970 nova with a 350 small block Turbo 350 trans and a 10 bolt rear diff.This car is complete and everything operates and car runs great! Interior is complete and in great/excellent condition.after market stereo system.Motor has Torker intake,Edelbrock carb,HEI ignition,headers,nice Exaust system,New battery,New starter,great oil pressure and cooling system stays at 180/190 all day.This car has sat in a storage lot for the last 10 plus years and has not been on the road until lately,The tags are good to 2018 pink slip and paperwork are all there and title is clean.The only BAD is small rust spots in front fenders and small spot in rear lower quarter panel with are normal areas for these cars to rust.Thats all the floors trunk and exerything else is solid,last of the bad it's a 1992 time capsule haha! The paints clear is peeling.This is one of the most compete cars I've seen in a long time,Everything is there and not jacked up or cut up,The last owner took really good care of this car and just lost interest in it.Im willing to work on the price for a serious buyer,Call Cody at
0 Very cool and rare 1970s Marushka screenprint of a winter forest. 18" x 24"
0 If the ad is up it's for sale so please don't ask! Email only no phone numbers thanks
0 Very nice bicycle with white tires. It's pretty lightweight for an all steel bike and rides Perfectly! Sometimes the brakes squeek, which I enjoy hearing :) Call me up and ride away on a perfectly good bike! Marco ~
0 Brand new Pogoplug Backup and Sharing Device, POGO-V4-A1-01.  Never opened or plugged in. Pogoplug POGO-V4-A1-01 Mobile for iPhone/iPad And Android Devices Continuous, centralized backup of all of your computers (Windows or Mac) and iPhone, iPad or Android devices
1 Beautiful 4 bedrooms 3 bathrooms townhouse in Miramonte Gardens. Top rated school district walk to Miramonte High School and 5 minutes to St. Mary's college. Total remodel, hardwood floors, new bathrooms, new kitchen, dual pane windows, central vacuum. Swimming pool in club house. Carport and storage. Available July 1st
0 condition like new. pickup only before may 28th. already cleaned and ready to be picked up. check dimensions in the link.
1 Hi am selling my toyota Tacoma Clean title in good condition
0 Easy to Fly: An intelligent flight system automatically keeps your Phantom 3 Standard in the air and under your control. Amazing Images: Take stunning 2.7K HD videos and 12 Megapixel photos with the integrated aerial camera. Stable Footage: DJI's advanced gimbal stabilization technology gives you movie-quality results no matter how you fly.
0 Scientific Calculator with a 2-Line Natural Textbook Display showing formula and results exactly as they appear in the textbook.  Includes 249 Built-in functions and Table/Fraction functions.
1 Hello, I am selling a white Samsung Galaxy S6 Active from ATT,32GB.  Phone is unlocked and in excellent condition.   You can email or text me at
1 Brand new hearset for iPhone 6 / 6+ / 5 / 5S,   never been used. Features: - 100% brand new headphones with remote & mic - Great Stereo sound quality
1 HOME IS UPDATED THROUGHOUT WITH CEILING FANS, RECESSED LIGHTING, PLANTATION SHUTTERS AND DUAL PANE WINDOWS. THIS HOME HAS CENTRAL HEATING AND AIR CONDITIONING, INDOOR LAUNDRY AND PATIO THAT OVER LOOKS YOUR OWN PRIVATE VIEW OF THE GOLF COURSE.YOU WILL DELIGHT IN THE CONVENIENT LOCATION TO HIGHWAY 80, THE FERRY TO SAN FRANCISCO AND THE THE ENTIRE NAPA VALLEY.  THE GARAGE HAS PLENTY OF STORAGE TO HELP KEEP YOUR LIFE ORGANIZED SO THAT YOU WILL HAVE TIME TO RELAX IN THE PRIVATE YARD WITH YOUR VERY OWN PUTTING GREEN.
0 Beautiful 1900's building in a fantastic location on Lake Merritt. It is also a close walking distance to shopping, dining, nightlife, downtown and transportation. Come check it out soon before it goes away!
1 Domain Luxury Apartment Homes FLOOR PLAN: 2 Bedroom/ 2.5 Bath, Town home B Building Neighborhood: The Heart of Downtown Address: 1389 Jefferson Street Oakland, CA 94612 Property Type: Luxury Apartment Home Lease Term: We offer Flexible Lease Terms. 1-13 Months Domain, the Heart of Downtown Oakland! Our location offers convenient access to freeways, multiple train lines including Bart and Amtrak, award-winning schools, popular sidewalk cafes, a multi-cultural shopping experience, and excellent fine dining options. Stainless Steel Appliances Dishwasher Gas Stove Top and Oven In most units Microwave Granite Counters Large Double Glass Window Patio door /Balcony in some units Floor to Ceiling Glass in Many Homes
1 This is a large, fluffy sofa we've used lovingly (yet lightly!) for two years. 2 separate sections: large section is 40" deep by 90" long, and armchair is 46" wide by 40" deep. Color is light brown/tan. Material is urethane foam pad internally, and polyester batting fibers on the outside. Treated with Stainsafe protection. Accessories in pictures are not included.
0 Vintage Schwinn Tornado step through cruiser, single speed, early 60's era, local Bay Area bike from Redwood City, nice Blue color with matching blue fenders, springer seat, new Kenda tires on white rims, Made in the USA from Chicago, IL original factory.
0 Selling our Prius Plug IN.  It's still under warranty and all service has been done at the Toyota dealer. No issues or stories here. No smoking, no accidents, etc... Exterior Color:  Winter Gray Metallic Interior Color:  Dark Gray (charcoal) @42,000 miles.  These are all commute miles from Danville to San Jose. We are no longer needed to commute, so we've decided to sell. This one has the ADVANCED PACKAGE:
0 Completely remodeled spacious 2 bedroom top floor/2nd level unit. All new appliances and quartz counter tops. New floors and duel pain windows. Gated entrance, Coin operated washer/dryer shared with one other unit. Near MacArthur BART station & Public Transportation ~ Walk Score 87 ~ Transit Score 73. Feel free to schedule a viewing any time.
1 looking for a macbook pro or macbook air I can arrange all kinds of MacBooks All macbooks serviced by certified apple technican all will look and function like new. Final Cut Pro.
0 Please email me with your name and phone number if interested and I will update you on open house date. Feel free to call or text if you have any questions. Modern 2 bedroom and 1 bath at a Triplex. Only garbage is included in rent.
0 *The posted rent price does not include parking, which is available at this unit for an additional charge. *Photos are a representation of the unit and may not be entirely the same as the actual unit. *Start your Application process Online now at
1 The bed frame is in great condition, the mattress is less than 9 months old, the base is a little older, but tempur-pedic.
0 Located in the heart of San Leandro, Sequoia Grove has one of the best locations in the city. Why? Because you can walk to restaurants and shopping, including a six-minute walk to a brand new Bayfair Mall! Couple this with being minutes from the freeway and what more could you ask for? Whether you're in the mood for coffee and bagels or for roaming the shops of downtown San Leandro, Sequoia is the perfect starting point. Contemporary one bedroom apartment with air conditioning, fully equipped kitchen and private balcony! http://www.sequoia-grove.com Sequoia Grove, managed by Aeris Properties 14575 Bancroft Avenue San Leandro, CA 94578
0 Bauhaun latta colored, micro fiber fabric couch and love seat set. Genty used, no dogs and non smokers. Cash Only / no scams / must pick up
1 This is a great bike that is a bit too big for me (listed size is 56cm, but it feels larger - internet commentators estimate that it fits more like a 59cm). It's a versatile bike that is well-suited for light touring, commuting, and weekend road rides. It has a steel frame with clearance for wide tires, plus cantilever brakes and rack/fender mounts, and a wide gear range...but it's still light enough to be maneuverable and fun. The long head tube makes for a comfy upright geometry. It also has horizontal drops and could be converted to single-speed.
0 # 1672846
0 GE 7 day timer random vacation preprogrammed for vacations, BRAND NEW, turns lamps or appliances on and off during late PM and early AM hours, confusing potential burglars. Simply set the time and plug it in. ask 5.00
1 Gently used, pre-LOVED iPad 2 for sale. I purchased a new iPad & my prior device needs a new home. -White/silver
1 Refresh in Your New Home Call Now: http://rent.braddockandloganhomes.com/x202qr This is a 2 Bedroom, 2 Bath, approximately 1100 Sq. Ft. Danville's ONLY luxury rental community located in the Blackhawk area, the Villas at Monterosso offers residents spacious two bedroom, two bathroom apartment homes. Unit interiors include washers and dryers, kitchen pantries, central heat and air conditioning, private balconies or patios, and designer finishes throughout. Common area amenities include a sophisticated welcome center, home to a state of the art 24 hour fitness center and soothing swimming pool and sun deck. The Villas at Monterosso is located within walking distance to award winning elementary and middle schools, brand new parks and community ball fields and numerous other amenities that make this location spectacular. A wide range of rental rate options are available at the Villas at Monterosso. - Kitchen pantry - Built in linen closets - Air Conditioner (Central) - Courtyard - AT&T U-verse ready - Washer - Cable Ready
0 Girls 18" Purple Bike (training wheels are available) with a stand. Less than 1 year old. Good condition.
1 ABS (4-Wheel), air conditioning, power windows, power door locks, power steering, tilt wheel, cruise control, premium sound, auxiliary cord, dual air bags.
1 2002 Mercedes Benz  C240 with 80K miles, Automatic Transmission, excellent condition AM, FM, AC,power doors and windows, clean title, very nice and clean inside and outside, smog check certificate handy and the car is ready for transfer . Call or text me at
0 Kids Haro mountain bike.  Lightly used.  20" wheels.  This is from Hank and Franks so it has lifetime maintenance.  Great for most kids up to about 14 years old
1 Hello I have for sale and American made men century dresser with amazing pulls. I am asking 450 but need to sell it fast and will except a reasonable offer.
0 Move-out sale, very comfortable IKEA Sultan Holmsta Full Mattress Latex cushion offers personalized comfort that conforms to your body for precision support. • Active pocket springs respond independently
1 Waterstone Fremont 39600 FREMONT BLVD, Fremont, CA, 94538 Call Now - Want more info on this unit? See the link (below): http://pinnaclefamily.aptdetails.com/x6q7w4 Welcome home to Waterstone Fremont
0 I built this haro race lite bike it has little miles, and works awesome, however it either needs a chain tensioner, into position , it doesnt let the brake work unless adjusted at a non recomended angle, and does need adjustment
0 2003 Lemond Alped Huez that i bought new -very low miles - bike has been hanging most of the time - Upgraded WTB  saddle -  with Reynolds 853 lightweight Steel frame - Carbon blade forks - Shimano 105 27 Speed component group - 105 brakes -  Bontrager Select 700c wheelset, i have original bill of sale ! Fantastic bike !
0 Selling my 1973 Datsun 620 (Project) Smog exempt, works fine, Current Registry Job done to it: 🛠🛠🚙🚚 *remove & clean gas tank *replaced all fuel hoses, water hoses *lowering blocks
0 All Brand New, sealed pack items: Call ------------------------------------------------------------------ (1)  Archeer Rapid charger  Quick Charge 3.0  18W http://www.archeer.com/Quick-Charge-3_0,Archeer-18W-USB-Wall-Charger-(Quick-Charge-2_0-Compatible)-for-Galaxy-S6-or-Edge-or-Plus,Note-4-or-5,Nexus-6,iPhone,Samsung-Fast-Charge-Qi-Wireless-Charging-Pad-and-More-White-p-38.html https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00XMNHR8U/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o00_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 (2)   Wedge Bluetooth speaker   (White) https://www.amazon.com/Antec-Mobile-Products-Wedge-Bluetooth/dp/B00UNL0NQM/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1494735854&sr=8-1&keywords=wedge+bluetooth+speaker (3) Brand New, Dorcy 41-3108 Floating Waterproof Area Lantern with LED Technology, 160-Lumens (4) Original OEM Lenovo laptop ac adapter 90W charger (5) Brand new, Ultra wireless optical mouse with 6 buttons (6) Brand new Logitech LS11 Multimedia Speaker System
1 This item is tested, operational and no missing parts. Free demo before purchase. I sell or trade for a old mens wind up, automatic, kenetic, solar, eco drive watches, 7" prerecorded reel to reel tapes, 10" take up metal reel, nab hub reel adapters, smart phone, etc
0 I have two springy chairs with cushions in good shape. Weathered some but still functional. Table not included. Call or email please.
0 hi guys.i got 2 i phone, 3 galaxy,1 htc, that all work but got broken glasses,and they are all from t mobile.i am looking to trade these plus 50 bucks for a t mobile phone.let me know ....joe
1 Waterford Place Apartment. Where you can live a life without compromise. . 1 Bed 1 Bath . http://www.woodmontrentals.com/waterford-place-apartments
1 I have a beautiful, comfortable power loveseat available at a discounted rate. This beige-colored double recliner has electronic switches on each side that offer you continuous movement as each chair transforms from upright, to legs extended, to back reclined.
0 I just received this headphone and found out my JDS Labs C5D is unable to power it. Just tested it and it's never been used since I just received it. Please call or text me @ nine two five - 237 - one two zero threee
1 locked for Sprint Absolutely perfect like brand new condition! Fully functional in original form, single professional owner. It has a clean ESN, ready for activation for Sprint Network.
0 Renovated 1-bedroom/1-bathroom apt for rent,  new hardwood floor, new bathroom, quiet, nice neighborhood, on site  laundry room, water and garbage included, walking distance to whole food store, Lake Merritt, 19th Street Bart station, 6 miles to San Francisco, gated apartment 16-unit complex, available Now, please call Miriam at
1 Red. Has all the special features of the current model gloves.
1 This 2bd/1.5bth townhouse features spacious walk in closets, gas burning stove, maple cabinetry, quartz countertops, huge back and side yard, and detached garage and pre-assigned parking space. This townhouse is newly renovated with new stainless steel appliances, new flooring, light fixtures, doors, and fresh paint. The community is animal friendly. The units are over 1,100 square feet and feature two bedrooms and a full bathroom upstairs, and one half bath downstairs. There is a large patio, and ample closet space. Each unit receives one private, enclosed automatic garage door, and one uncovered guest parking. There is on site coin operated laundry with new highly efficient machines.
0 The NETGEAR High Speed Cable Modem provides a connection to high-speed cable Internet. Item is CABLE MODEM ONLY Compatible with major Cable Internet Service Providers like Comcast, Charter, Cable Vision, Cox, Time Warner Cable and others
0 I am selling my Salsa Vaya (50cm). See the link for for more details. http://salsacycles.com/bikes/archive/2012_vaya Shifters :SRAM Apex Integrated Brake/Shift Lever 10-Speed Crankset : SRAM Apex, Black, 50 = 165mm Rear Derailleur: SRAM Apex, Black Chain: SRAM PC-1031 Cassette: 11-28 Shimano Ultegra installed on the bike. SRAM PG-1050
1 Up for sale my kodiak 2 650 b (27.5) LG full suspension used less than 50 miles handful times only light trails paid over 1,800 I'm asking 1,250 OBO  only serious buyers I will ignore low offers subject kodiak 2 no phone no answer Frame	AL-6061 Frame w/ 120mm Travel, Raleigh E-Thru and Tapered HT Fork	Rockshox XC32 Solo air, 15mm QR, Taper Rear Shock	Rockshox Monarch R F. Derailleur	Sram X7 High clamp 2sp Chain	KMC X10 Brakes	Tektro Auriga Hydraulic Disc, 180/160mm rotors
1 674 Lord Ct | Concord, CA 94518
1 Black with Black Leather Meticulously Owned by loyal Porsche owner 3.2 L 286hp with 6 speed manual transmission This one comes loaded with: Preferred Package Plus Bose Premium Sound Sport Seats
0 The P2 Luxus Series is Loctek's highest quality TV cart. With a wide and durable base construction, the TV cart provides you with the maximum stability and extended use. Great for offices, conference rooms, tradeshows, hotels, hospitals, airports, and lobbies, the TV cart can hold a TV up to 99 lbs and from 32" - 70" wide. Height Adjustment500 mm / 19.7".  Supported VESA300 x 300， 200 x 200， 400 x 200， 400 x 400， 600 x 400 mm. *Four heavy-duty swivel caster locking wheels for easy gliding. *Built-in cable management system routes cables neatly.
1 Selling a 2007 Toyota Prius in good running condition , 40+ miles per gallon , no check engine light , everything works just fine. Had backup camera, good air conditioning.
0 Does your phone have a Bad IMEI Due to Being Reported Lost Blocked Or Due To Non Payment? Bought it From Someone on Craigslist and got scammed with a Bad IMEI Phone That you Cant Connect? I CAN FIX IT! I can also FACTORY UNLOCK your phones so you can use them with any carrier. If for some reason we can't clean your device we will refund you.
1 •	Nine to fifteen foot ceilings* (in select floorplans) •	Built in microwaves •	Central heat and AC •	Designer tile bath and shower surrounds •	Full size stackable washer/dryers •	Private patio/balconies*  (in select floorplans) •	Oversized bathrooms •	Stainless Steel Appliances •	Wood vinyl plank flooring in first floor units* •	Year round heated pool & spa •	24-hour Emergency Maintenance
1 This  dresser is made of wood, not partial board- Dove tail drawers with smooth action -43.5"H x 34.25W x 18.25"D -take note ,the top and Bottom drawers  are larger than the center two -clean and from a nonsmoking home- Condition is great !!
0 I upgraded to the 7 plus and don't need it anymore. Was with Verizon then I switched it to T-Mobile. Pretty sure it works for AT&T also. Small crack on the bottom. Scratched screen. Change the charging port (unless you want to hold the charger in a weird position to charge it) it has a factory defected  rear facing camera (selfie camera works perfectly fine) that Apple has agreed to replace the entire phone for a brand new one I just don't have time to deal with that or the desire for this phone. (You can google the defect and type in the serial number for confirmation before purchase) clean phone, never been jail broken, or hacked.
0 awesome 1929 ford sedan project all big stuff done and done professionally CURRENT CALIFORNIA REGISTERED/TITLED ALL STEEL body, fenders, hood new wood plus floor wood and stock glass seats, 32 dash TCI rolling chassis, new, powdercoated black 4bar, drop tube all chrome, polished stainless
1 Polycom SoundStation 2201-03308-001 F Analog Conference Phone, Power Wall Module -360 degree coverage from its 3 microphones, full-duplex operation with echo and noise suppression allows for natural two way conversations in a teleconferencing environment
1 2004 Honda Odyssey, Clean Title, One owner, Automatic Trans. Automatic Sliding doors, Clean in & Out. Power windows, power seats.
0 This beautiful remodeled studio offers: Refinished hardwood floors Great studio layout with sleeping area Brand new kitchen with stainless steel appliances Private balcony with Oakland views Brand new bathroom with incredible lighting
